Enchanted Lands – Adventure game

Take a magical vacation, slay a dragon, rescue a princess, become a great and powerful wizard, or stay at one of our many fine hotels.  Anything is possible… At least that’s what the brochure says.  Enchanted Lands, the magical resort kingdom is not doing so well.  The King seems to be acting strangely.  Enchanted Enterprises has been bought out by Enchanted Holdings, Inc.  Administration has closed the various magical training schools, and a dark presence has returned from banished realms.  Is there no one that can solve these mysteries?  Will the schools ever reopen?  Will there ever be anymore stupendous vacation deals?  Stay tuned.

Enchanted Lands is a magical vacation getaway.  Situated in the sunny nexus between worlds, the ridiculously wealthy can indulge their fantasies.  A true-to-life magic kingdom, that makes it’s money on tourism has fallen on hard times.  You control a band of adventurers as they restore peace and balance to the kingdom, as well as a positive cash flow.

Plot points for the narrative portion of the game will be outlined in the following way:  II is the ‘inciting incident’.  The inciting incident is the thing that sets everything else in motion.  PP1 and PP2 are first and second plot points which are basically turning points.  MP is the mid point which is also a turning point.  C is the climax and R is for resolution.  What follows is the game as a whole, later on we will see plot points for each individual character including the villains.  I’ve also created a main plot and subplot.  

Main story outline:
II.  The King starts doing odd things like closing down the training schools.  The Knights Academy, Fairy God-College, Wizard U., and Princess Prep. Have got their “Closed for Refurbishment” signs up. (possibly could have a comment or joke about how the Disney parks have always got ‘refurbishment’ going on when half the time their attractions are closed).  The dwarfs have stopped letting anyone come in and watch them work.  The King has allowed Enchanted Holdings to buy out Enchanted Enterprises. The only hotel open is the Grand Enchanted Landian, except for a single hotel on the outskirts called “The Bat’s-in-the-Belfry Motel” run by a misunderstood vampire.  A previous banished madman is rumored to have returned.

PP1.  Evil wizard “Maximilian Spell has returned from being banished under the guise of the CEO of Enchanted Holdings, Max Millions.  He reopens the Knights Acadamy to train real soldiers with real weapons and Fairy God-College to convert Fairy Godmothers in training into evil witches and assigns Violet Moonshadow, a witch and his partner in crime to do so.  Violet gets number 1 Henchman Barty, the gnome to kidnap Princess Karen who’s visiting from her own realm to speak at Princess Prep.  Dragons now seemingly under magic enchantment plague small villages.  Max also starts his experiments again (which is what got him banished in the first place), which involve tourists, and the magical metal “Quicksilver” (which is what Enchanted Lands seems to run on).

MP.  Princess Karen discovers Max’s secret plans.  Max intends on taking over the realms connected to the nexus by raising a magical army, by either infusing tourists with Quicksilver, or getting the princess to tell him the secret on how non-magicals can be imbued with magical abilities.  Max had set up a puppet-king and sentenced the real king to the same punishment that max had received.  The dwarves end up being held hostage by the evil gnomes.  The adventurers manage to rescue the princess and she tell them of Max’s plans.  She didn’t manage to get entrances to the mines, however.  Max recruits an army of werewolves.

PP2.  The adventurers manage to free the Fairy Godmothers in training, and find a way to get the Knights to fight for them.  Then Roland, the over-sized dwarf, shows them the secret entrance to the mines.  They also find a way to remove the dragons’ enchantments.  John Thomas, who is from our world, who had managed to rescue the princess, goes into the mines to free the Dwarfs, and the tourists who are being experimented on.  He, himself, gets caught and enslaved.  The rest also get caught.  When all hope seems lost, Kurt, the cowardly werewolf, manages to convince the army of werewolves to help him and help the adventurers.

C.  The adventurers overcome the gnomes with the help of the werewolves, and the dwarfs and manage to escape, while still leaving the zombie-like magic army made up of tourists.  Their only hope is to get into the administration building and disrupt things enough, that the good army led by Sir William the Unicorn, can over come the villains’ army, which consists of magical tourists, bad werewolves that Kurt couldn’t convince, the gnomes, and the evil witches and wizards.  A major battle ensues, as John faces off against Max.  When he overcomes Max, the good guys win the battle and John turns him over to the wizard “Halfway”.

R.  Max is sentenced to life as a training dummy for the Knights Acadamy.  John and Karen are married and “elected” King and Queen of Enchanted Lands.  The puppet king is sent to an asylum.  Vacation tours are restarted, the schools and hotels are reopened and Enchanted Lands, is back in the black!  Leaving only one mystery to be solved: Where is the “real” king?

One of my ideas is to have the players play through the villains, even though the villains ultimately don’t win.  I’m not sure if it will be noted later in the notes, but these main game plot points would probably be full cut scenes (possibly pre-animated).  But the individual character plot points would probably be through in-game animated sequences and/or conversations, that don’t really take you out of the game.  Then you will play the parts that link one plot point to the next.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Enchanted Lands Characters – Full bios later.

“Good” guys:

John Thomas – Shy and introverted, he doesn’t have many friends, works at a library, lives with his mother, age 21.  After buying his favorite “Benny Wonky” chocolate bar, he gets a silver ticket and is sent into a magical world where his adventure begins.

Hubert Halfway – After sharing half of his magic with his wife, she divorced him, and shared her magic with another, thereby stealing half of Hubert’s magic.  Now he can only literally do half-way magic.

Princess Karen – She’s a real life princess that comes from a realm that can imbue non-magicals with magical powers.  She was supposed to be a guest speaker at Princess Prep only to be kidnapped en route.

The Count – A misunderstood vampire who runs the only hotel outside of the Grand Enchanted Landian, named “The Bats in the Belfry Motel” with prices ‘so low they’re scary!’  (something I thought of while renaming him from something earlier, where you have to guess his name for him to help you).  He eventually helps our heroes by turning into a bat to spy.

Roland the “over-sized” dwarf – Who’s only goal in life is to find his father.  Who’s rumored to be a giant.  Roland is cast out of the mines because he’s simply too big to fit.  Roland is instrumental in helping to free the dwarfs.

Sir William the Unicorn – Once a human and a great knight was turned into a unicorn by an old woman he happened to turn away for being too “common”.  As a unicorn he is as elusive as humbleness was to Sir William.  Having learned his lesson, seeks a way to be changed back!

Kurt Wulf aka The Cowardly Werewolf – Kurt was bitten by a wolf however because he was normally very nervous and a bit neurotic, what happened to him is completely opposite to what happens to most werewolves.  He gets extremely frightened when he turns into a wolf.  Somehow that helps him avoid Red Riding Hood who seduces werewolves to join Max’s army.  He manages to get some of the werewolves to join him instead.

---

“Bad” guys.

Maximilian Spell – The evil wizard that was banished for using tourists as test subjects involving quicksilver.  His goal is to conquer the realms connected to the sunny nexus, that the lands are located in by raising a magical army to do his bidding.  He’s doing exactly what he got banished for, but this time he’s got help.  Now he comes back under the guise of “Max Millions”, a billionaire businessman CEO of Enchanted Holdings, Inc.  He takes over Enchanted Enterprises in a hostile takeover.

Barty the Gnome – Max’s number one henchman.  Max promises Barty that he’ll get to loot all the realms if he does all of Max’s ‘dirty’ work.  Barty is also the King of the greedy gnomes and he holds the dwarfs hostage in his kingdom.

Crooktooth the Dragon – Crooktooth is mean even without enchantment.  He controls all the mean dragons and take them to raid small villages.  Crooktooth’s “tooth” bothers him something fierce which makes him instantly grouchy.

Violet Moonshadow – After getting half of Hubert’s magic, she divorced him and share hers with Max.  She’s also training Fairy Godmothers-to-be to be evil witches.  She also arranged for Princess Karen’s kidnapping and changed Sir William into a Unicorn.

The Black Knight – Loves nothing more than battle, and puts fear in the hearts of men.  He also does Max’s bidding and has a particular taste for Unicorn meat.  After having killed every last one, Violet tells him there’s one more he hasn’t caught.

Zanzibar, the Great – A performer of magic tricks, who after breaking the magicians code and revealing all their secrets, exposes his latest illusion, one that threats the magicians very existence.  Attempting to elude them he escapes into an odd convention of magicians, and then as they’re returning to Enchanted Lands, he goes with them, pretending to be a visiting wizard.  When he realizes they’re real wizards, he at first tries to pretend to be one himself, only to be caught by Max, who likes his boldness so much, that he hires him.

Red Riding Hood – Not good like in the fairy tales.  She seduces werewolves, and then captures them to be used in Max’s army.  Only she’s unable to catch Kurt because he’s so scared he manages to elude her.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Enchanted Lands Heroes:

Herein lies the accounts of the heroes of the Enchanted Lands Magical Resort, in their own words, up to that fateful week which required, mental, physical, and financial wizardry to save the realms from a madman.

John Thomas – I was born April 12th, 1984 in Arizona.  My Dad, a carpenter by trade, died when I was 13, in a freak world-related accident.  I was home schooled when my Dad died and then first attend public school in Oregon.  In Jr. high I was always too nervous to talk to girls and had only a couple of friends.  Being a librarian, my mother always used to read me books and I always wanted to become a writer.  Eventually I, too, would work in a library.  I was about 21 and on one fateful day I stopped to get a Benny Wonky candy bar, and when I opened it I found a silver ticket inside.  After stuffing the ticket in my pocket, I bit into the bar, and what could only be describe as sheer fantasy, happened next.  A swirling vortex appeared in front of me and I stepped through being completely amazed that something like this was even happening.  The vortex closed behind me and I found myself in a room with bench seats with many other people in the seats, seeming to take no notice of me.  It looked like a train car.  Just then a very short, very squat, little ball of a man, jumped off of one of the seats in front of me, walked to the front of the car, and put a device on the wall, and then promptly returned to his seat.  The squat little man had another device in his hand, sort of like a remote, but instead of buttons, it had three different colored crystals.  The device was similar to the one on the wall, and he pressed the crystals in a certain order.  Just then the cabin lurched forward, and I steadied myself, I noticed the little man got back up walked to another seat and sprinkled something that was a cross between sand and glitter, onto a beautiful woman, and she went out like a light.  As petite as she was, the little man amazingly picked her up with ease and slung her over his shoulder.  He then proceeded to the door of of cabin in the back, opened it up and appeared to jump off the train with the woman.  Suddenly the train started to tumble and the last thing I remember was hitting my head on something hard and being knocked unconscious.  When I awoke, I was in a forest that looked like winter had taken all of the leaves off the trees, but the air was warm.  When I looked around I noticed it was indeed a train, with the cars strewn about, and various pieces of luggage lying around, and the other passengers getting up.  Interestingly, it didn’t look like any of the passengers were majorly injured.  A man started walking towards me, and he looked suspiciously familiar.  I will write more later as time allows.

Hubert Halfway – AS I write my memoirs, I must warn you fair reader, that I have a tendency to be a touch long winded.  It all started when I met John Thomas and sold him a Wonky bar, with a silver ticket in it.  I was in his realm disguised as a “convenience” merchant, but before we get to that I should back up a bit.  The trouble started with the news that the resort was closing.  Before I get into that I should tell you that I have only half of magic.  To tell you that, I think you should hear about Wizards in love.  But before that let me tell you a bit about my background.  On second thought let me just tell you about wizards in love.  After marriage a wizard will share his magic with his enchantress.  Before we got what happened to me I would like you to know I was instrumental in making the resort, well, a resort.  I suggested to the King that taxes do not a happy kingdom make and that the real money is in tourism!  He agreed and that’s how Enchanted Lands Magical Resort started.  Let’s fast forward to a time when there was a bright wizard who decided he should take over and run the land, and who knows what else.  He thought he would enslave people, infuse them with the magical ore quicksilver, and take over the administration castle.  Well that didn’t go over too well, as you can imagine, so to some consternation, he was banished.  This was not the end of the story, however.  Which brings me back to wizards in love.  I was in love with an enchantress and asked her to marry me.  After we were wed, we shared our magic.  That’s when I found out what kind of person she was.  She abruptly divorced me and married the CEO of Enchanted Holdings, Inc.  Max Millions.  I was strolling through the administration building one day, and happened to pass by the council room and overheard the plot to take over Enchanted Lands.  It turns out Max Millions was none other than Maximilian Spell, the evil wizard that we banished!  That’s also the day I lost half of my magic.  I mean literally.  Would magically make breakfast but instead of a glass of orange juice, two eggs, and two slices of bacon, I could only conjure one egg, 1 slice of bacon, and half a glass of juice.  And that was the top half and you can’t imagine the mess THAT made.  This brings me to the King who acted strangely, when I told him of the plot.  So I figured I might need some help.  So I shanghaied, er, ‘recruited’, John Thomas from the realm that contains what they call Earth, which coincidentally is the third planet from their sun, in a solar system of 9, er, 8, er, I can’t remember if Pluto is still considered a planet or not.  In any case his father apparently died when he was too young to remember, he was into books, fantasy, had very few friends.  In short he was the perfect candidate!  I will continue with my memoirs later and in the mean time see to the boy.

Princess Karen – To whomever may find this:  This is a plea for help.  I have been captured by a gnome, or at least, I think he’s a gnome.  I’m from the realm of Verdance.  I’m a real, honest-to-goodness, princess and whomever rescues me will be handsomely rewarded!  My people can imbue non-magicals with magic, so I can only figure they, whomever this gnome works for, wants me for that.  All I remember is I was traveling to the Lands to speak at Princess Prep, riding in one of those wonderful flying trains, when this horrid little man, puts me to sleep with some pixie dust.  Before going unconscious I managed to see a handsome young man enter the cabin through a vortex, as it closed behind him.  And here I am, in some sort of wine cellar, chained to a cask, one which is certainly much larger and heavier than I.  You may be asking if we can imbue non-magical people with magic, why don’t I use some magic to escape.  Well the thing ism we’re not naturally born with magic.  In fact we actually have to imbue ourselves with magic using a secret process that only people from my realm know.  Since I was not expecting anything to go awry, I naturally did not use the process.  So for now I can only wait until I can find a way of escape.  In any case, if you can help, please do.  Urgently Yours, Princess Karen of Verdance.

The Count – To the editor of the Enchanted Herald: It has come to the attention of the vampire community, that some of your facts on the page 8 article entitled “Vampires – Our blood sucking neighbors” are in error.  First and foremost, we DO NOT DRINK BLOOD.  A special wine we make from the blood-berry only LOOKS like blood.  You created this fairy-tale just to increase circulation.  It angers the vampire community.  Not only that, but garlic means nothing to me, in fact I love the taste of garlic, er I mean, the vampire community looooves the taste of garlic.  We may be killed with a wooden stake, but I have a feeling it’s because you tend to drive it through our hearts, which I think I can honestly say, affects everyone, not just vampires.  You’ve hunted us down, until I’m, er, until there’s not many of us left.  You’re also scaring the guests away with these frightful stories, and we can’t make a living anymore.  The Bats-in-the-Belfry Motel have prices so low, they’re scary!  It is true that we bite people on the neck, but only those who want to spend the rest of their lives as immortals (well slight exaggeration, we don’t live forever, but we do live for a few hundred years) like one of us.  We prefer to think of them as “love” bites.  In short, we bite, but we don’t suck! It’s also not a crime to turn into bats.  It’s simply a more convenient way to travel.  We, of the vampire community, just want to be left alone, to run my hotel, er OUR businesses.  Sincerely, a concerned citizen.

Roland, the “oversized” dwarf – A magic-mirror practice conversation:  I would like to speak to [blank].  My name is Roland.  I’m part dwarf and I believe my daddy is a giant.  Are you my daddy?  The reason I ask, is that, my momma died, and just before went to sleep, she told me I might be half giant.  I’ve been kicked out of the mines, for being too big.  I broke too many things.  I have no place to go.  Can I live with you?  Why did you leave us?  Why did you never write?  Thank you for your time.

Sir William, the Unicorn – Here is the message to the witch that turned me into a unicorn.  Dear witch, I have sought you out to plead for my release from this spell.  I would like to apologize for turning you away on that fateful, dark, and rainy night.  I would never share my fire with a commoner, not even a kindly old beggar woman, acting as if I were royalty.  I feel I have changed now.  Let me explain why I was the way I was.  I grew with rich parents and the other kids were jealous and would pick on me because of it.  So my parents would tell me I was better than them.  Then I started believing it.  My parents were only trying to make me feel better, but I became conceited.  I do believe I’ve changed for the better and wish to be released from the spell.  Please forgive me and release me.  I used to be a good Knight and now I wish to become a humble one.  Sincerely Sir William DeVane Esquire.

Kurt Wulf, the “cowardly” werewolf – Kurt’s Journal, January 18th.  Today I was taking a walk in the woods, when suddenly a wolf came out of nowhere and bit me before running off.  It so happens it was a werewolf, and so now I have the problem of turning to a werewolf every full moon.  I’ve always been a bit nervous and anxious, but when I turned into a werewolf for the first time, I was terrified.  I went to hide in a cave.  After having been told stories about werewolves I was afraid I would hurt people.  The exact opposite happens.  I’m in constant terror when I’m a werewolf.  The only good thing to come out of this is I’ve been able to thus far avoid Red Riding Hood, as she is ‘recruiting’  werewolves for Maximilian’s army.

Enchanted Lands Villains:

Enchanted Villain Monthly Profiles.  Each month EVM profiles a different evil genius.

This month EVM profiles Maximilian Spell also know as billionaire playboy, Max Millions.  CEO of Enchanted Holdings Inc.

EVM Profile, Maximilian Spell.
Background:  Mr. Spell is an evil wizard in the finest tradition of evil wizards.  He graduated Wizard U.  with a major in world domination, and a minor in the black arts.  He was off to a promising start trying to take over Enchanted Lands but this was cut short as he was finally caught and banished.  While he was away he was busy orchestrating a comeback.  Now that he’s back EVM got granted an interview with this Legend.

EVM: Welcome to Enchanted Villain Monthly and thanks for giving us the chance to interrogate – er- interview you.
MS: Interrogation, ha ha.  Glad to be here!

EVM: Tell us a little about yourself, for those who don’t know?
MS: Ever since I can remember I’ve dreamed of taking over the world.  Now I can take over many worlds!

EVM: Tell us about how you caught in the first place.
MS: Well, I tried to experiment on people before anything else was in place, but I got lazy, and so I got caught.

EVM: How exactly did you get caught?
MS: Okay, okay, I give in.  I enslaved people to work in the mines.  Little did I realize I captured a wizard who got the people to revolt.  The ones I tried to experiment on are the ones that led to my arrest.

EVM: Now I’m curious as to how you got back into the Nexus?
MS: When I was banished, I was stripped of my magic, as you know, but what you don’t know, is I still had some quicksilver dust on me from the refining process, so it was pretty easy to reopen a portal back.

EVM: What makes this outing different from the last?
MS: I think I have all my bases covered this time.  We’ve replaced the King with a puppet.  I’ve kidnapped Princess Karen of Verdance.  I’ve used my company “Enchanted Holdings, Inc.” to buy out the current owner of Enchanted Lands – ‘Enchanted Enterprises’.  And I’ve either closed up or modified the schools.  Also I’ve taken care of that wizard who bested me the last time.  Hubert.

EVM: Well thanks for sitting with us, and best of luck in all your evil endeavors!
MS: My pleasure!

This month EVM profiles Barty, the evil, greedy, dastardly, king of the gnomes.

EVM Profile, Barty the Gnome.
Background:  After stealing-er-assuming the throne, he masterminded “The Great Magic-Mirror Heist” of ‘75 and then joined with Maximilian Spell after being promised the loot of all the realms!  EVM got a chance to chat with the “King of Greed”

EVM: Welcome to Enchanted Villain Monthly and thanks for cheating-er-chatting with us.
B: Hrrrmph!

EVM: Tell us a bit about yourself.
B: I, am king of the gnomes.  I live jewels, and gems, and shiny things!

EVM: How did you get acquainted with the notorious Mr. Spell?
B: He made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.

EVM: I heard the loot of all the realms, so what are your duties?
B: Kidnapping, stealing, you name it, I do it.  I care nothing about outworlders, so I leave the ruling to Max, and I stick to my stock-in-trade – Looting!

EVM: So what are your evil plans?
B:  Kidnap princess, hold dwarfs hostage.  Violate makes the plans, I just carry them out.

EVM – You mean Violet Moonshadow, EVM’s own editor-in-chief?
B: Yep.

EVM:  Let’s backtrack a bit.  I personally would like to hear about the Great Magic Mirror Heist.
B: It was quite simple, actually.  The dwarfs were commissioned to build four large magic mirrors to watch over the lands.  A few secret passageways later, known only to us gnomes, and we made off like bandits.  Because that’s what we are.

EVM: I assume you still have the mirrors?
B: No Comment

EVM: Any parting thoughts?
B: Greed is a two-edged sword.  You try to steal from someone, someone will try to steal from you.  All for greed.

EVM: Thanks for sharing your time.
B: Meh.

This Month Enchanted Villain Monthly has a special treat.  EVM’s own Editor-in-Chief, Ms. Violet Moonshadow!

EVM Profile, Violet Moonshadow.
Background:  Ms. Moonshadow is a sinister enchantress able to seduce even the most strongest sorcerer.   She didn’t officially go to school, but instead managed to sneak into Fairy Godcollege where she attempted to corrupt everyone there, at least until Max got banished.  With Max gone, she couldn’t very well use her magic so she went underground, and started this paper, which she describes as “by villains and for villains”.

EVM: Hello Ms. Moonshadow.  Seductive as always!
VM:  Flattery will get you everywhere, with me!  Great to be here in an unofficial capacity.

EVM: EVM has learned you recently became involved with that evil genius Maximilian Spell.  Tell us a bit about your relationship.
VM: AS many of our readers know, I live tricking wizards into giving me their magic.  I’ve gotten extremely powerful this way.  I thought I could do it to Max, but he saw right through me.  He does enjoy every minute of it though.

EVM: Is that when you joined him?
VM: Not at first.  When he was banished, my opinion of him changed somewhat.  Didn’t have too much respect for him, for a while.  But when he came back, he had it ALL planned out.  Every last detail.  So I had a renewed respect for him.  When he said he needed me, that’s when I decided to stay and I’ve been with him ever since.

EVM: How do you fit into his plans?
VM:  I take care of a lot of things.  I’m very detail-oriented.  Max handles all the big “world domination” type plans.  And I facilitate those plans.  I was the one that took half of Huberts magic, and turned Sir William into a unicorn, and arranged for the abduction of the princess.

EVM: Sounds like a full plate.
VM: Very busy, but very, very, fun.

EVM: Well good luck on your conquest of the realms, and thank you for such an alluring interview.
VM: Anything for you!

This month EVM profiles Crooktooth, terror of the skies!
EVM Profile, Crooktooth the Dragon
Background:  Crooktooth hatched with a mean disposition from the get go.  Little did anyone realize, it was a bad tooth that made him cranky.  Max didn’t have to put a spell on him and now Crooktooth controls the other dragons.

EVM:  Uhh.  W-Welcome to-to...to EVM!
C: I hate everything because this stupid tooth makes life unbearable.

EVM: Being fiercest of Dragons, how did you come to be in Max’s service?
C: He promised to get my teeth fixed if I help him.  Plus I get to eat my fill of all the sheep and cattle I want!

EVM: How does that work into his plans?
C: Makes sure people are afraid.  They can’t organize if they’re watching the skies for dragons!

EVM: What if someone else fixes your tooth?
C: Unlikely, but it they do, I will be their friend for life!

EVM:  Well thanks for not roasting us!
C: Well you’re lucky since I’m not hungry right now.

This month we catch up to the Black Knight:

EVM Profiles, The Black Knight.
Background:  No known background exists except his fondness for unicorn meat.

EVM: Fearsome, though you are, EVM wants to welcome you and ask you to tell us a bit about yourself.
BK: I’m the Black Knight.  I used to go to the Knight’s Academy until I was kicked out.  I would do everything backwards, go after villagers and beat them up.  Hold maidens hostage until their families would pay up.  Sometimes I would burn the huts up for fun.  It wasn’t exactly what they wanted.

EVM: How do you know Maximilian Spell?
BK: He was an old college buddy.  We’d sneak into Princess Prep, and have a little fun.  This was before the tourists.  I have a thing for roasted unicorn meat.  So imagine my surprise after I thought I had caught the last one, Max contacts me and says there’s another unicorn.  And that he’ll tell me about it if I do some “manhandling” first.  I had nothing better to do so I took him up on the offer.

EVM:  You’re hunting Sir William.
BK: He’s not a “Sir” anymore.  After this job, I guess I’ll retire.

EVM:  Thanks for spending some time with us.
BK: Anytime.

EVM chats with Zanzibar the Great.  Is he an astounding magician, or an accomplished con-artist?  Rumor has it he exposed the secrets of his fellow magicians and escaped here, posing as a wizard at the great Wizard’s convention, in the realm that contains the Earth.

EVM: Welcome, thanks for stopping by.  Now tell us how you got here?
Z- No, thank you.  Basically I tried to get a bigger audience by exposing my tricks.  Since the magicians code forbids this, some fellow magicians wish to do harm to me.  So I hid in a wizard’s convention and ended up here.  Didn’t realize real wizards actually existed, let alone this “nexus” thing.

EVM: What happened next?
Z: I pretended to be a real wizard until Max caught me as I tried to con him out of some coin.

EVM: I bet he wasn’t too happy.
Z: Not at first but then he realized he could use me.  Tricking people is my business, so getting them into Max’s hands was a piece of cake.

EVM: Well good luck in your new career.
Z: Thank you!

This month EVM profiles that goodie-basket-carrying temptress, Red Riding Hood!

EVM Profiles, Red Riding Hood.
Background: Red is one of the sneakiest and bloodthirstiest women Enchanted Lands, has ever seen (next to Violet Moonshadow).  She was notorious for luring werewolves to Grandma’s house only for Grandma to remove them of their hides!  Then one day Granny just wasn’t quick enough and got eaten.  Since then Red has been in hiding only to show up at the call of Max.

EVM:  Your exploits are well known yet we would like to know what brought you out of hiding?
RRH: Let’s just say, me and Max had some great times together, and he contact me for my special skills.

EVM:  Werewolf handling?
RRH: Gee you’re smart.  Yes he needs werewolves in his army, so he recruited me.

EVM: So why and how did you disappear in the first place?
RRH: When Granny bit it, I was already rich enough that I didn’t have to ‘work’ anymore.  So I bought my way into the seclusion of the Gnome Kingdom.

EVM: So if you were well off, why come out now?
RRH: Maxi is so cute, I just couldn’t say no.  Besides once I get that tramp Violet out of the way, I’ll have Maxi all to myself, and maybe I’ll be queen of Enchanted Lands.  Who knows?

EVM: You do realize she’s our Editor-in-Chief, don’t you, Miss Hood?  She may not like that.
RRH: It’s no secret about my feelings for Max and if you choose not to publish the interview it won’t both me a bit.  Besides Violet loves the fight.

EVM: Well thanks for the refreshing insight.  Best of luck to you!
RRH: I don’t need luck.  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Enchanted Lands Races

Part of your magical stay includes meeting many different types of races.  Here we will be outlining each of the types you’re likely to meet.  As a side note: This only includes races native to Enchanted Lands and not those from other realms.  However there may be some slight mention of other realms as it applies to our current political situation.

Men: These bipedal creatures are the most numerous in the realm and indeed most that come from other realms are Men, that is to say human.  Divided into male and female, also known as men and women.  However we refer to the whole race as men.  Men are generally friendly but there are always exceptions.

Wizards: These are similar to men except they’re born of magic.  Unlike the race of men, wizards are only male.  Wizard magic, whether good or bad, is quick, to the point, and definite.  It works on the tangible and not things such as emotion.

Fairy Godmothers: These are the female versions of the male wizards.  Bipedal like wizards and the race of men, fairy godmothers are gentle and work within emotions to affect people for good.  Although they may magically affect objects, they do so off an emotional basis instead of a logical one, like wizards.

Dark Wizards and Witches:  These aren’t actually races like wizards or fairy godmothers.  They’re usually selfish, and ambitious and gain magical abilities on their own and usually for nefarious purposes.  Mostly made up of men, they can also consist of other bipedal races.

Dragons:  You know what dragons are, lizard like, walk on four legs, have wings, etc.  Like the legends of old they’re large and they fly and spit fire.  Most dragons in the Lands are friendly by nature, unless enchanted.  They do eat meat, but tend not to eat people unless something happens to them, like being enchanted.

Dwarfs: These are short bipedals (though not as short as gnomes).  The males have considerable hair in addition to their long beards.  Of course you probably already know what dwarfs are.  They tend to have bulbous faces and maybe some have even a slightly grumpy disposition, a bit gruff, a bit short (no pun intended) with other people, but are definitely good hearted.  Some can be quite friendly too.  The females look like the males except without the facial hair, but are said to be pretty.  They tend to have attitudes that are harsher than males.  Dwarfs like mining for the pure joy of it.  While their homes don’t tend to be too huge (contrary to what you read in literature about their great halls and what-not), they can get pretty elaborate in their rock work, sculpting fine details, and carving most of their furniture out of the rock.  That also means they can’t redecorate and rearrange too much, but that’s the way they like it.  They mostly mine quicksilver which has magical properties, but quicksilver is soft and not particularly suited to armor.  (I hear they’re working on a way to infuse normal metals with quicksilver, but thus far haven’t completely succeeded yet.)

Gnomes:  Gnomes are also small and bipedal, and quite a bit shorter than dwarfs.  Their demeanor is completely opposite to dwarfs, however.  They act like they’re your friend, but really they’re just greedy, and also quite crafty.  They definitely appear to be nicer but would betray you in a heartbeat if it meant more gold and jewels.  They only mine for pure greed.  Their mines are often adequate, but prone to cave-ins.  There’s no real difference in the attitudes between male and female.  Male gnomes tend to have less facial hair then dwarfs, when they don’t shave it off.

Giants:  Like the race of men, only much, much larger!  While men only grow to about an average of 6 feet, giants, can be anywhere from 18-24 feet.  They have the disposition of any bipedal creature.  They mostly don’t tend to be evil, although some of them aren’t very nice either.  No one knows where they live because they would have to be huge giant houses, and no one knows of any villages like that in the Lands.  There’s a rumor they have their villages in the clouds, but that’s just a rumor no one can confirm or deny.

Unicorns:  A virtually extinct animal now, and like you’ve heard in the stories, horse like, with a single protruding horn coming out of their heads.  The horn is a magical directional device which allows a unicorn to find any location.  Thus if one is bridled will take the bearer anywhere he or she would like to go.  They’re not generally afraid of people, however, if they sense you have evil intentions, they will not let you bridle them.  Rumor has it, that a great knight was turned into a unicorn to be forever hunted by the Black Knight.

Royalty:  A quick note about royalty, they’re not a distinct race, per se, but is generally treated as one.  King’s and Queens are not necessarily born into it.  A boy can become squires, and eventually work their way up to knights.  Only a knight can become king.  He must enter a contest against others and eventually must challenge the current king.  If defeated, the king must pass on his crown to the knight that defeated him.  This is never done in anger, as if it’s shown to be in anger and not the spirit of friendly competition, a Knight can be disgraced and shamed.  So even though you’re allowed to challenge the king, and fight or contest with him, the king can, at his own discretion, “de-knight” the person.  Girls do something similar, becoming a ‘lady in waiting’ and can work her way up to princess, however, a new queen is only picked, when a Knight becomes King through the challenge.  A knight that becomes king MUST pick from the available princesses, even if there’s only one.  A daughter born to the King and Queen is automatically a princess, but still must be picked.  If the King and Queen want to marry their daughter off early, they can encourage a Knight to challenge the King.  The new King still gets the choice though.  At times it might be necessary to elect a new King, rather than through challenge.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

John Thomas Game Walk Through (possibly incomplete and subject to change)

John is in his home and speaks to the screen.

“Before embarking on your adventure, you should probably learn the system.”

He Then proceeds to instruct the player on usage of the interface.

Finally he says a few closing words.

“From here on out you’re the boss, the big cheese, head honcho, number 1, numeral uno, er, you get the idea.  You’re in control, so let’s see how well you do.”

The player is then allowed to roam around.

The first item he needs to get is a book that talks about Enchanted Lands.  The book may be located in various places in the library.  He may wander around, outside a few streets, his house, and a store.  He needs to find his library card too.  Which may be in different areas of his home.

To take the book out of the library he needs a library card.

He must read the book and take it with him if he wants to get the candy bar.

The candy bar can be in a store or in his house.

It must be unwrapped to get the ‘silver ticket’ and bite it to open the portal, not eaten.

He may find a boy searching for a bar with a golden ticket.

---
Edit December 23rd, 2024:  I just came up with, there might be a child opening up candy bars, to find a golden ticket and John might have to talk to him to get the “silver” ticket as that’s not what he’s looking for. 
---

When he’s unwrapped the bar but doesn’t eat it, John, will talk too much and not allow any control until he eats the bar.

When he reads the book it tells him of the past of Enchanted Lands, then it ends with empty pages.  It starts to fill with his adventure.

The book is where the save games go via autosave.

John steps through the portal, or wanders until he does.

Once through the portal, John sees a short fat man get up and put a device on the wall, returning to his seat.  The little man messes with  a device that starts the ‘train’ tumbling.  The little man carefully picks his way to what appears to be a princess, sprinkles some dust on here to put her to sleep, heaves her over his shoulder and jumps out the door.  John falls over and blanks out.

When John comes to, he’s in a forest, strewn with garbage from the crashed train.  An old man in blue approach him.  They talk.

1)
Q: Where am I?
A: You are in Enchanted Lands, my boy.  Magical tourist destination for the ridiculously wealthy.

Q: Why am I here?
A: I brought you here to help me find out why everything is closed.

Q: Why did you pick me?
A: Nose always in books, no friends.  You are in short, perfect.

2)
Q: Who are you?
A: Hubert Halfway.  A half-a—er-hearted wizard.  I, unfortunately have only half of my magic.  And when I say half, I mean quite literally half.

Q: Huh?
A: You see when we marry, we wizards share half of our magic with our spouses, but she divorced me and shared her magic with someone else, now I only have half of it.

Q: Where is ‘she’ now?
A: I don’t rightly know lad, that’s partly what I intend to find out.

3)
Q: What is Enchanted Lands again?
A: A magic kingdom, you nitwit!  We decided to go into tourism to generate revenue, so we wouldn’t have to tax the citizens.

Q: Now what happened to it?
A:  it got closed down for the most part, and I aim to find out why, with you.  The schools have closed up and all the hotels and shops are also closed, except for the Grand Enchanted Landian but it’s not accepting guests right now.  Also a vampire friend of mine, runs a small motel just outside of WizardLand.

Q: Umm, okay, so what do you want me to do, again?
A:  Start by going to the Knights Academy and then Princess Prep.  Here’s a map but only half of it works at a time.  I will check out Fairy Godcollege and Wizard U.

At the entrance to the Knights Academy there are two armored guards apparently arguing.

If John tries to walk through, the guards will lower their weapons and not allow him to pass.  If John talks to one he talks to both, There’s a closed sign nailed to the gate.

Q: How do I get in?
A1: You don’t.
A2: If you’re not already in there, you don’t belong there!

Q: Why can’t I go in?
A1: Can’t you read the sign?
A2: That’s it’s there for.

Q: So, fellas, why is it closed?
A1:  That’s obvious isn’t it?
A2: Because someone closed it?

Q: Is there a way in there?
A1: Through Us.
A2: But we won’t let you through.
Q: What would it take for you to let me in?
A1: A lot!
A2: Actually we let no one through!

At this time there are NPC’s walking in and out.

Q: How come you let them through?
A1: Who?
A2: You must be mistaken, I saw no one.

John gets red in the face with anger.

Q: How can you not see these people?
A1: These helmets don’t help our vision much.
A2: Why don’ you ask them?

John is now hopping mad.
“I can’t because you won’t let me in!”

Recomposing himself:
Q: How can I ask them if I can’t get in, in the first place?
A1: Why are you asking riddles?  Might as well ask why is a raven like a writing desk?
A2: Maybe they can give you some ideas.  (Gesturing to the npc’s going in and out)

Q: Well can you at least tell me who closed the school and why they did it?
A: We could.
A2 But we don’t want to.

If you just observe the guards, before and after the conversation, they start talking about how they like chocolate and the precarious nature of their armor.  Occasionally the armor shudders a bit as if it’s hanging on loosely.  Remembering you still have the chocolate bar, if you offer one of the guards a piece, the visor lifts a beak pops out quickly and snatches it.  Then the eyes appear in the visor and look back and forth, and then as the “guard” starts munching on the chocolate his armor starts to shake, and it starts looking like the armor is propped up on something.  As you offer pieces of chocolate to the guards, they eventually shake the armor off, to reveal two perches, with parrots on them.  John is then easily able to walk through.

The Knights Academy is set up as a bunch of tents, with the biggest one, having an “enrollment” sign on it.  Another guard at the opening to the tent, who appears to be a real person won’t let him in, without a badge.  With no badges to be had, he must find a souvenir stand and build a mock badge that matches one that everyone else is wearing.  Then he can go into any tent, he wants to.

There happens to be a Knight called Sir Drinksalot who is perpetually drunk.  If you direct him to the back of the Academy you can get his armor.  You may lure him with ale from a concession stand.  Since you have no money you have to tell them to put it on the knights tab.
Here are some of the statements the guards make.

You look fat.
No, YOU, look fat.
You eat too much chocolate!
No more than you do.
Well you still look fat.
It’s the armor, it makes me look fat.
No it doesn’t, but it’s not very high quality is it?
Indeed, why just yesterday I nearly shook it all off while I was eating.
Well, you need to be more careful.
No, YOU, need to be careful.
Well you need to lose some weight.
I told you it’s the armor.
Well you can’t expect to buy quality armor on our salary.
You don’t get paid well to stand around either.
I don’t just stand around, I guard.
Guard what? Your perch? <squawk!>
You keep quiet about that!
As long as YOU keep quiet.
No, YOU keep quiet!
NO, YOU keep quiet!
If the armor didn’t rattle, I would be quiet.
You’ve never been quiet in your life.
Quieter than you.
Why just yesterday you made so much noise eating a chocolate bar.
Not any more than you.  You nearly shook your armor off.
YOU, nearly shook YOUR armor off!
Oh just be quiet!
You first!
Fine!
Fine!

If John chooses the badge solution to enter the Knight’s Academy the player will have to notice some nondescript Knight wearing a badge coming and going as he pleases.

If the player speaks to the nondescript Knight, he will learn about the badge.

Q: Hello, who are you.
A: A knight as you can plainly see.

Q: How are you able to go in and out?
A: With this badge of course!  Don’t you know you can’t get in without a badge?

Q: Can I have yours?
A: No.

Q: Where can I get a badge like that?
A: You can’t.  The school isn’t accepting anymore applicants.

Q: I just want to go in and see what it’s like.  Is there any way in?
A:

-- At this point for some reason I didn’t continue.

-----

Knights Academy notes:

Sword in the stone.
Jousting Yards with Ostriches.
Concessions with ale, and ye olde turkey legs.  
Souvenir stands with helmets and names engraved, as well as buttons, and pins, and ribbons and pennants. 
Letterman “armor” (ie letters on the backs of the armor like the sweaters or jackets)
Geek Knights
Jock Knights.
Goth Knights.
Dragon on a stick!
Princess Rescue Training Tower
Hot Babe Knights (although in the game their aren’t typically women knights, some of these are just meant as in-jokes about cliques in school).
Geek Prince wants a date?
Knight Fraternities. 

Goal to get people to join your cause and to get info.

You can’t be let in unless you want to be a knight then must find your way out.

To build a badge you need to swipe items from the souvenir stand, because of no money.  To do this you need to convince the stand owner to take a break.

Souvenirs:

Hats (helmets), buttons, pens, t-shirts, torches, maps Snow globes (sword in the stone?) Dragon, knight, castle, sculptures, crystal, mugs, shot glasses, stickers, toy swords, and dragons.  Portrait drawers.

A badge consists of a Knights Academy badge, and a mini coat of arms with a name.

You can make one by getting the KA shield shaped button, and some stickers, for the coat of arms, and you can write your name, or possibly get it engraved.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following are the plot outlines for each character, hero and villain.  A couple of the characters have been modified from what I wrote previously (above).  Like the plot points in the original main outline I started with, they have an inciting incident – basically the thing that sets the story in motion, plot point 1, mid-point, and plot point 2 – which should be turning points in the respective stories, and climax and resolution.  I also have a main plot outline and a sub plot outline.  The way this is supposed to work, is that I will be filling the “inbetweens” which is the gap between plot points, with the actual gameplay, like puzzles and what not.  The main plot points are intended to have cut scenes, although I intend to make the cutscenes short, at least in the beginning.  The plot points for the subplots I intend to be in-game sequences, sort of like cut scenes, but they take place in the game, instead of stopping the gameplay in order to show a fully animated sequence, like a video.  I don’t know how well this will work, if at all, or if I’ll end up changing it at some point.  For that matter the game itself may not even resemble anything I’ve written up to this point and to the end of my notes.

John Thomas Plot Outline:

Main Plot – John is transported to Enchanted Lands and finds out it’s bankrupt and is enlisted by Hubert Halfway the Wizard, to restore it.

Sub-Plot – John doesn’t tend to go out on many dates, but this may all change when he meets a Princess.

Main Plot Outline: 

II: After stepping through a portal, he notices what looks to be a train cabin, with odd-looking passengers, and then sees a little man kidnap a young woman, just before the cabin starts to lurch and John loses his footing, and blacks out after hitting something hard.

PP1: When he wakes up, he notices that he was indeed on a train, but with all the cars and baggage and passengers strewn about, giving the impression they fell from a great height.  Surveying the land around him, they’re in a forest of trees that looks like winter has taken all of the leaves, only it’s feels like a warm summer day.  He’s approached by a wizard named Hubert who said he picked him to help find out why Enchanted Lands has fallen on hard times.

MP: John rescues the princess, and find out Maximilian Spell is the reason Enchanted Lands has been closed, as he was banished years ago, and that he intends on controlling all the realms connected to the “sunny nexus of worlds” (where Enchanted Lands is located).  They then make plans to stop Max.

PP2: John using the help of Roland (the over-sized dwarf) to gain entrance into the mines, is caught himself.

C: John overcomes the gnomes, and creates an army, and infiltrates the Enchanted Lands Administration Castle, and retakes it.

R: John is unanimously elected as the new King.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: A beautiful woman is kidnapped

PP1: After finding out she’s a princess he searches for her, while helping the wizard Hubert in his investigation

MP:  Finding out where she is, rescues her but only agrees to a date if he does something noble and/or selfless.

PP2: Risking his life to free the dwarfs, and even tourists who are held hostage in the mines, he manages to get caught

C – He frees the dwarfs and the tourists, and manages a kiss from the Princess

R – When he’s elected King, instead of just a date, he’s informed of their custom for the new King to choose his Queen, and hints that she wants to be with him, to which he enthusiastically agrees.

-----

Hubert Halfway Plot Outline:

Main Plot – After seeing the lands fall on hard times, he recruits John Thomas to help him restore it.

Sub Plot – He tries to get his magic back from Violet Moonshadow

Main Plot Outline:

II: Resort closes down, King starts acting strangely.  The resort is sold to Enchanted Holdings, Inc, for a song (literally)

PP1: Hubert brings John Thomas to the world to help him by selling him a chocolate bar in his (our) world. Hubert asks his old friend the Count, for help in finding the Princess and figuring out who owns Enchanted Holdings.

MP: The Count turns into a bat and flys around the administration castle, and finds out where the princess is being held.  Relaying this information to Hubert, Hubert then instructs John on how to rescue her.  After which they all learn who’s running things, Hubert’s old nemesis Maximilian Spell.

PP2:  While John goes into the mines, Hubert finds a way into the administration castle and gets his magic back.

C: After Hubert has his magic back, he devises a plan to storm the castle.

R: Hubert reopens the schools, and makes John and Karen’s date magical.

Sub-Plot Outline:

II: Hubert learns Violet is now with Max Millions and resolves to go get his magic back from her.

PP1: Hubert learns Max Millions is none other than Maximilian Spell, his arch-enemy and apparently the guy Violet shared her magic with.

MP: Violet is trying to train witches in Fairy Godcollege so Hubert finds a way inside.

PP2:  Hubert free’s the wannabe Fairy Godmothers and faces Violet.

C: Violet starts a “Wizard’s Duel” only to find Hubert looking for a pre-nup, which he promptly uses to reclaim his magic.

R: Hubert finally gets all his magic back and is now a full wizard again!

-----

Princess Karen Plot Outline:

Main Plot – The Princess had heard of the plight of the would be Princesses and tries to find a way to save them from the dragons.

Sub-Plot – After being kidnapped she loses her carefully crafted speech.  She tries to find and give the speech she was hired for.

Main Plot Outline:

II: The Princess is kidnapped and held captive in the basement of the Grand Enchanted Landian.

PP1: Princess Karen manages to escape her shackles, but can’t really get out of the Hotel.  But learns the other Princesses-in-training are in danger of the dragons, because they’re being enchanted.

MP: The Princess is rescued, and tells John and Hubert about Max’s plans and tries to figure out how to rescue the princesses.

PP2: After learning the head Dragon has a toothache and figures out a way to remove it.

C: Grateful to the Princess, Crooktooth decides to help the good guys in the final battle.

R: The dragons finally get free of their enchantment.

Sub-Plot Outline:

II: Princess is kidnapped and her things are left on the train.  The train falls from the sky, and as it all comes crashing down, everything of hers is scattered all over the place, including her carefully prepared speech.

PP1:  After the princess is rescued, she goes to the crash site to examine the wreckage, searching for her lost speech.

MP: After finding a page or two and some inquiry finds out that all the debris from the crash has been taken to the royal incinerators.

PP2:  The incinerators are just a fancy way of saying a dragon with a mean disposition due to enchantment, is tasked with burning everything to ash.  So she goes off to find the head of the dragons.

C: After she fixes Crooktooth’s tooth, she finds a way to remove the enchantment from the rest of the dragons.

R.  The Princess manages to retrieve her speech before the “incinerator” is able to get to her things.

-----

The Count Plot Outline:

A note about the Count:  His name is Roy, however, the reason I named him Count Roy is now irrelevant.  But I did have a thought, which is, he’s trying to be scary but Roy isn’t a very scary name, so that can be used as an in-game joke.  I might even make it so you have to guess his name “Rumpelstiltskin” style before he’ll help you on your cause.  I’m not sure how, yet to work this in as Hubert has been friends with “Roy” for a very long time.  Also as I’m reading my notes preparing to type them in here, I’m noticing the Count’s main plot and sub plot aren’t very strong, in fact they almost seem the same, so I’m not sure if I need to give the Count a reason for being a main character.  I don’t have any actual npc’s written for this game right now (other than the possible few that are in various scenes, that aren’t major characters for instance the knights John talks to at the academy.)  In any case I will go ahead and write in the Count’s plot lines as I wrote them with minor modifications, and will have to revisit his story later, when I’m trying to compile them into the game’s design.

Main Plot – To find a woman who wants to spend the rest of her life with him, which is an extremely long lifetime.

Sub-plot – To repopulate the vampire race, so he may fight max.

Again a couple of notes here – repopulating the vampire race should probably take a lot of time, more than you would have playing the game, and then the Count finding a mate is almost the same as wanting to repopulate as needs a mate to do so.  This wasn’t thought through very well, and will almost certain be changed at a later date.
Main Plot Outline:

II: The Count starts to weaken as he doesn’t have a mate, and decides he needs to find her before he dies.

PP1: Hubert tells him the Princess is in trouble and that she, being a woman, might could help him, if she’s rescued.  So summoning all his power he turns into a bat to start to search for the whereabouts of the Princess.

MP:  The Count find Princess Karen in the basement of the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and relays that info to Hubert and John.  Who promptly rescues her.

PP2: The Princess tells the Count of a woman who might be inclined to help if he proves himself noble.

C: He meets a woman that used to be the manager of the GEL hotel, and manages to do something noble.

R: She agrees to spend the rest of her life as a vampire.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  Roy is reminded that his race was hunted down and killed by the staff of the Enchanted Herald.

PP1: He decides to go after the staff.  After biting a woman she turns into a vampire, and she in turn decides to bite one of her male co-workers until they’re all turned into vampires.

MP:  They all apologize to the Count and decide they all owe him a favor for the harm they did.  All he wants in return is a retraction and a classified advertisement to call for volunteers to become vampires.

PP2:  At first no one answers the ad, then when it seems like no one will answer, many different people and creatures all show up and decide to “sign up”.  With the Count’s new wife, they rebuild the vampire race and form them into an army to help the fight against Max!

C:  It turns out that some of them, decide the want to work for Max, while the other half decides to help The Count and his friends.  AT this time the good vampires help John and the gang storm the castle.

R:  After the good guys win, the Count fully staffs his Motel, and it’s packed out by tourists and natives alike.

Final note on the Count:  So after entering in this second plot outline, it seems that replenishing the vampire race happens quite quickly and so am satisfied that it’s different enough from the main plot.
-----

Roland the ‘over-sized’ Dwarf Plot Outline:

Main Plot – Roland wishes to find his father, in order to get answers to what happened, whether his father is really a giant, and why he left.

Sub-plot – Wants to be accepted by the dwarfs and to help in the fight against Max.

Main Plot Outline:

II: Roland is kicked out of the mines, so he goes searching for his father, which is rumored to be a giant.

PP1: He travels to Giant Land and talks to the giants about the whereabouts of a giant who might have had a child with a dwarf.  Turns out his father is, indeed, a giant but he’s disappeared!

MP: Searching Giant Land, he finds a hint that his Dad may be somehow underground, and so decides to find a way back into the mines.

PP2: He finds his dad is chained up, and they chat, and he explains he was captured by the gnomes, to work their giant machines in order to extract more quicksilver faster than ever before.  With this information he finds a way back out.

C:  He gets Hubert to come in and release his dad from his chains.

R:  Roland’s dad gets the giants to join them in their fight.

Sub-Plot Outline:

II: Roland finds and gets his dad released.

PP1: He learns the dwarfs are kidnapped and held hostage in the gnome kingdom.

MP: Roland and the gang sneak in to rescue the dwarfs.

PP2: The gang is caught, but the dwarfs realizing how selfless he was, take Roland back.

C:  Roland figures the gnome mines aren’t too structurally sound, and then using his strength begins knocking out structural supports, and as the whole mines start to collapse the good guys escape back into the dwarfs mines.

R:  Hubert manages to get some of Red Riding Hood’s personal things (I’m not really sure why I put that in there, but maybe future notes will tell me something).  The dwarfs help John and company to get into the administration castle.
-----

Sir William the Unicorn: Plot Outline

Main Plot – Sir William seeks a way to be restored back to his human form.

Sub-plot – Defeat the Black Knight

Main Plot Outline:

II: Sir William is turned into a Unicorn, and the Black Knight starts hunting him.

PP1:  The Princess spots him and wants to use him.

MP:  She captures Sir William and finds out he can communicate somewhat and takes him to Hubert.

PP2:  Hubert’s partial magic doesn’t turn him back to a human, but does allow him to speak in human speech.

C:  After telling them all that transpired with Sir William, him and Hubert decided to go after Violet together.

R: With Hubert’s magic back, Sir William is finally restored and takes control of the Knights.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: On a hunt the Black Knight comes within striking distance of Sir William.  But he manages to elude the Black Knight and tire him out.

PP1:  At night as Sir William is observing the Black Knight, the black armor falls to the ground, to reveal a beautiful woman.

MP: Sir William reveals himself, and the woman beckons him and she seems friendly enough.  She then starts petting him.  She starts talking to him about how she wakes up every night beside the black armor with no knowledge of what happens during the day.

PP2:  When dawn breaks, the armor seems to reassemble around the woman.  Sir William runs away and his captured by the Princess, who then takes him to Hubert, who then proceeds to allow Sir William to speak for the first time in years and he tells them about the Black Knight and then takes them to the same spot as the night before.

C:  Hubert casts a spell on the woman, just as the armor is starting to reassemble.  It then harmlessly drops to the ground as the woman is freed!

R: Sir William remains with her until he can find the witch.  Then he joins her and they help defeat Max.

-----

Kurt, the Cowardly Werewolf Plot Outline:

Main Plot – As there is no known way to reverse the results of getting by a cursed wolf, Kurt seeks a way to get rid of his cowardice and to get back at Red for capturing and killing his Uncle Ulrich.

Sub-Plot – Kurt also wants to help those that helped him and tries to get the werewolves to join them.

Main Plot Outline: 

II: After hearing loud noises from his Uncle’s room, Kurt looks in and sees his Uncle change into a werewolf.  Then Ulrich crouches on all fours and runs out biting Kurt on the way.  Kurt follows Ulrich who spots Red Riding Hood and speeds to Granny’s house.  Kurt peers into Granny’s window, and to his horror, Granny shoots him.

PP1:  Kurt learns Red has come out of hiding then tries to find a way to remove his cowardice.

MP:  Kurt finds Hubert but Hubert won’t cast a spell.  Instead he tells him to find the wizard named Buddy.

PP2:  After finding Buddy, Buddy has him get stuff for a potion removes all his fear.

C:  He seeks Red out and she tries to get him to join Max’s army.  Kurt ends up eating Red.

R:  Kurt joins John and Hubert and the rest of the gang.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  Harold treats Kurt nicely and directs him to Buddy, who removes his fear with a potion.

PP1:  Kurt lets Red capture him.  After he’s brought in he gets ‘convinced’ to join Max’s army.

MP:  Kurt finds other like him who wish to escape, only about half join him.

PP2:  Kurt finally gets Red alone and attempts to dispose of her.

C: She manages to call all the loyal wolves to her.  The two “packs” fight each other, but the good guys ultimately prevail.

R:  Kurt gets to “eat” Red and him along with the others that joined him leave to join John’s army.

Maximilian spell plot outline:

Main plot:
Max attempts to conquer the Realms by taking care of some of enchanted lands more important residents and also attempts to raise a magical army by infusing tourists with quicksilver.

Subplot:
Max also attempts to extract info from Princess Karen about how to give non magical the ability as people can already do that in her Realm.    He also starts building a machine that will open a portal large enough for armies to walk through using mind and refined quicksilver ore.

Main plot outline:

II:  Using a bit of quicksilver he had while being banished, Maximilian spell gets back into the realm. Disguised as Max Millions, billionaire playboy he replaces the real king with a puppet one and then has the puppet king close the lands, including the schools, letting no one in and no one out.

PP1: Realizing Hubert might be a problem he gets Violet to steal half of his magic.  Max starts the mines back up again and forces tourists to work them as he also starts to experimenting again. The dwarfs try to stand up to him but he gets the Gnomes to hold them hostage.   Barty, king of the Gnomes, even gets Roland’s Dad, a giant, to work the great ore processing machine.

MP: Hubert finds someone from our realm to help him save the lands.  Max gets Violet to turn the knight, Sir William, into a unicorn and sets the black knight to hunt him.   As the first tourist gains magical ability he is also becomes zombified (unable to do anything of his own free will).  He gets Red Riding Hood out of hiding, and has her attempt to build an army of werewolves, and also has Bart kidnap the princess.

PP2: The princesses is rescued as the first batch of magic zombified warriors are complete.  Max takes them to the site of the portal, which is in the clouds next to the administration castle.  The Princess manages to fix Crooktooth’s teeth who then commands all the other dragons to stop terrorizing the villages.

C: Curt manages to convince some of the werewolves to fight for the good guys.  Roland gets John into the mines to rescue the tourists only to get trapped himself.   The Count builds up his vampire army and Sir William is turned back into a knight and gathers his armies,

R: Max finishes building his armies. Red mysteriously disappears and Violet gets her army of witches ready as they all get moved to the portal location.

Subplot outline:

II: Max has Barty Kidnap Princess Karen and brings her to the basement of the Grand Enchanted Landian.  Max commences construction on a huge machine on a large terrace of the Administration Castle.
PP1:  Max has the Princess taken to the makeshift laboratory in the basement, and orders Barty to get her to talk.  Meanwhile Max oversee the construction of the inner chamber of the great machine.

MP:  The Princess escapes the basement of the hotel, and manages to gather crucial information as she navigates the hotel, only to be captured again.

PP2:  The machine is completed and testing commences by Max himself.  The Princess is rescued, and she relays her information to John and Hubert.  John goes into the mines to free the slaves but gets captured himself, as well as the rest of the adventurers, and brought into the gnomes mines.  Roland finally finds his Dad, and gets Hubert to release him.

C: Roland rescues them all, and the heroes storm the Castle!  Max prepares the machine disrupts operation in the castle with red tape (? Not sure what the idea was here, maybe a sort of in-joke), Sir William and the Black Knight turned princess bring their armies in to fight Max’s armies in the clouds.  Max starts the machine, and John scales it to catch up to him, as they fight along the top scaffolding.  John defeats Max when he falls off the scaffolding.  The heroes win the day.

R:  Max becomes a training dummy in the Knights Academy.

-----

Violet Moonshadow Plot Outline:

Main Plot:  Violet wishes to rule with Max and her only job is to train would-be Fairy Godmothers to be witches, so she can add a witch army to Max’s other minions.

Sub-plot: Violet wants to get rid of Red Riding Hood as she is jealous of what Red and Max used to have together.

Main Plot Outline:

II: As Max closes up the schools she gets Max to let her turn tourists into a witch army.  She also tells him she can take care of Hubert.

PP1: She gets Hubert to share his magic with her, and then in turn shares hers with Max.  Violet also casts a spell on those tourists who wanted to be Fairy Godmothers.

MP: She turns Sir William into a Unicorn, posing as an old beggar lady.  Max offers her a realm of her own to play with.  She also arranges for Max and Barty to meet up.

PP2: Violet gets the witch army to the portal location, but Hubert stops them and then when Violet starts to fight, he searches for the pre-nup.  (Not sure I’m going to include divorce into the story, considering that’s real life, and I’m not really wanting to have things of this nature in a game that children might play – even though this game isn’t strictly for children)

C: Finding this, the magic reverts back to Hubert.  The witches wake up and Sir William turns into a Knight once more!

R: Hubert turns Violet into a black cat to be his pet, for as long as she lives.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: Max brings Red out of hiding.

PP1:  Violet tells Red to find and recruit Kurt as only Violet knows how Kurt’s “related” (not sure what this means, some story idea I had at some point, <shrug>)

MP: She visits a wizard named Buddy and gives him the recipe for the spell that gets rid of cowardice.

PP2: Violet finds Kurt is trying to turn some of the werewolves and let’s Red know where to capture him.

C:  The werewolves fight each other.

R: The ‘good’ wolves win and Red ‘loses’.

-----

Barty the Gnome (king of the gnomes) Plot Outline:

Main Plot: Barty’s goal is to facilitate Max’s Plans, as he wants to be able to loot the realms.  So he does anything max wants.

Sub-plot: To make the dwarfs mine precious jewels for himself, and to make sure tourists are ‘hired’ to work the quicksilver mines.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Max promises Barty he can loot the realms.  Max also commands Barty to kidnap the princess.

PP1:  Barty is instructed to get some info out of the Princess.  He also starts nabbing tourists.

MP:  The Princess is rescued.  Barty gets the tourists to mine quicksilver and arranges for Roland’s father to work the smelter.  He has the gnomes take the dwars hostage in the Gnome Kingdom.

PP2: John and company infiltrate the Gnome Kingdom only to get captured.

C:  Roland rescues everyone, and brings the mines down on the gnomes heads.

R: Barty is buried under his kingdom.
Sub-plot Outline:

II:  The gnomes start nabbing tourists to work the mines.

PP1:  Barty orders the gnomes to take the dwarfs hostage.

MP:  Dwarfs are forced to mine jewels for the gnomes.  John follows Roland into the mines to find a way into the gnome kingdom.

PP2:  The band gets caught in the Gnome Kingdom and are forced to work the mines as well.

C:  Roland isn’t caught but finds a way to bring the whole of the Gnome Kingdom down.

R:  Everyone escapes.

-----

Crooktooth the Dragon Plot Outline:

Main Plot: He needs to get his tooth fixed, but Max will only help him, if he goes and terrorizes small villages.

Sub-plot: Crooktooth secretly wants to become a dentist, so no one will be able to hold anything over his head again.

Main Plot Outline:

II: Max spots Crooktooth who seems pretty mean, and asks him why?  Crooktooth tells him because of the bad tooth, so Max makes a deal to fix the tooth, if he does some jobs for him.

PP1: Max gets Violet to enchant the dragons and follow Crooktooth in order to terrorize villages.

MP: After burning villages, and them offering “maidens”, which are really female tourists, Princess Karen gets wind of it.

PP2: The Princess gets an elven dentist to pull Crooktooth’s tooth.

C:  Crooktooth finds a way to break the enchantment of the other dragons.

R:  Crooktooth joins up with John and Hubert.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: The Princess attempts to get near Crooktooth and almost gets roasted.

PP1:  Crooktooth goes about terrorizing villages but spots a book on teeth which he promptly confiscates, and brings it back to his cave.

MP: He allows the Princess to examine him, the goes and gets him a dentist.

PP2:  The tooth is pulled, and Crooktooth attempts to get the dentist to teach him.

C:  The elf doesn’t budge so Crooktooth sits on him.  The Elf finally surrenders!

R:  The elf teaches Crooktooth everything he knows and Crooktooth opens a dentistry!

-----

The Black Knight Plot Outline:

Main Plot: The Black Knight wants to hunt down the last remaining unicorn, which happens to be Sir William and to lead Max’s armies to help him conquer the realms.

Sub-plot: He wants to know what happens when he “blanks out” at night.

Main Plot Outline:

II: Max closes down the Knight’s Academy and tells the Black Knight to start training tourists with real weapons.

PP1: Violet happens to mention there’s still one unicorn left, which causes The Black Knight to want to hunt him down.

MP: The armies are about ready, and are to be transferred to the portal site, when the Black Knight gets a dispatch from Violet, saying where Sir William was last seen.

PP2: At last, the Black Knight catches up to Sir William.
  
C: Sir William gives the Black Knight a merry chase. Just as the Black Knight is about to catch up to Sir William, his horse gives out, and the Black Knight falls to the ground.  Sir William turns around and walks toward the Black Knight.

R: The Black Knight, falls asleep, but as he does, the armor seems to drop off onto the ground.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  The Black Knight blanks out at night and when he wakes up the next morning, can’t remember anything.

PP1:  The Black Knight hunts Sir William until he’s tired, eventually falling off his horse, and as Sir William approaches, he notices the Black Knight is asleep, and the armor lying on the ground beside him.

MP:  Princess Karen catches Sir William, before he’s able to do anything else, and takes him to Hubert, who still only has half of his magic at this point, and so, in attempting to transform Sir William back into his human self, only manages to allow him to speak.  For which he tells them what happened to him.

PP2:  Sir William lures the Black Knight into a trap set by Hubert and Princess Karen, and when they catch him Hubert casts a counter spell, causing the armor to fall off.  When Sir William questions Hubert about half his magic, Hubert comes back with a question of his own.  Whether Sir William has any love for her, and Sir William explained it was love at first sight, then Hubert informs him that love has the power to completely break the spell.

C: The “Black” Princess tells everyone of Max’s plans for the Knights, so the gang can come up with a new plan to restore the Lands.

R:  After Hubert has his magic back, he proceeds to disenchant Sir William, turning him back into the gallant knight he once was.

-----

Zanzibar, the Great Plot Outline:

Main plot: Zanzibar the Great is a performer of magic tricks, aka a magician, in our realm.  After breaking the magician’s code, the Brotherhood of Prestidigitation, chase after him, in town he escapes in a crowd of looks to be an elderly tour group, when they escape into a portal into Enchanted Lands.  He quickly realizes he can profit here just as well as anywhere else, and better since no one knows him here.  After conning a few villages out of their limited funds, he decides he needs a big venue and creates a huge production, in order to gather people from all over the Lands, and from other realms as well.

Subplot: Little escapes Max’s notice, including Zanzibar.  When Max approaches him, Zanzibar thinks this is another person he can swindle, and attempts to do so, with some variation of three-card monte.  Zanzibar is actually successful but when Max figures it out, he sends some thugs to hunt him down, and eventually captures him, but likes his boldness so much, he offers to help Zanzibar with his big production, and even promises when Max is done, that he could possibly rule his own realm and maybe get revenge on the Brotherhood, whom he had evaded.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Zanzibar is working the Magic Palace in Las Vegas, when he reveals the Brotherhood of Prestidigitation’s greatest illusion, in a frenzy they start chasing after him, and he escapes into the city and ducks into a hotel, who happens to be hosting some sort of convention.  When there’s a group of elderly gentlemen dressed strangely, he goes in the middle, and those that are chasing him can’t find him.  The group of elderly men, walk through a door, and then it closes behind them, when he finds himself in, what looks to be, some sort of university.

PP1: After wandering around a little bit, he notices they use coins just like his world, and in fact appear to be gold and silver, and then decides maybe he can profit here just as easily as back at home, so begins games of chance, some little sleight-of-hand, and soon he’s got a tidy little bag of coins.

MP:  After visiting larger towns, he realizes there’s more than the simple villages, to con, and he learns that Enchanted Lands gets visitors from many different realms.  So he plans out a big show, where he can hopefully steal people’s valuables.

PP2: He enlists the help of some well-connected individuals from the “underground” which is a network of thieves, cons, and criminals of magical and non-magical persuasions.  Little does he realize the point man, is a guy who works for Max directly.  Max offers to help Zanzibar with his big production, if he helps Max with a few things.

C: Max upholds his part of the bargain, helping Zanzibar get the venue, setup the tents, get out the fliers and everything.  Zanzibar holds the performance, makes the biggest swindle of his life, and then is promptly betrayed by Max when Max exposes him for a fraud.  Just before the audience is about to react by mob violence, the administration castle is stormed.

R: Max has to turn his attention back to his plans to turn on the giant portal with which to invade other realms.  Zanzibar in the excitement manages to escape to parts unknown.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: Max knows when Zanzibar came in, where he was from, and what he was doing.  So he sends out a few henchmen to “meet” up with Zanzibar, when he’s trying to find out how to get help for the largest con and magic show of his life.

PP1: Max “runs into” Zanzibar, and pretends to be a gullible gambler, in order to find out how Zanzibar works.  He’s initially impressed that he can’t find the Queen under the 3 cards, but then gets angry when he finds out Zanzibar was cheating.  Zanzibar runs away and Max sends a few things after him.

MP:  Eventually the thugs catch up to Zanzibar.  Max is amused at Zanzibar’s boldness and instead of punishing him decides to offer him a job in exchange he promises to help Zanzibar with his big show.

PP2: Zanzibar sets up shows around the Lands, and then does magic tricks for tourists.  After the shows are done, Max gets some of his men to abduct the tourists.  At one of his shows, Zanzibar manages to capture Roland.

C: Despite rumors about a lot of people disappearing, Zanzibar is popular enough to garner a huge crowd, which he does, and he’s able to perform his biggest show ever.  As Max is about to give Zanzibar over to the people, he gets news of the castle being stormed.

R: Zanzibar manages to escape, and since he’s of little consequence to Max, Max turns his attention to his own plans.

-----

Red Riding Hood Plot Outline:

Main Plot: Max gets her out of hiding to build a werewolf army.

Sub-plot: She attempts to gain favor with Max again in order to take Violet’s place.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Red is pulled out of hiding and Max wants her to use her considerable skills to build an army of werewolves.

PP1: Red successfully “presses” almost all of the werewolves into service, except one.

MP: Red finally gets that one werewolf (Kurt) into the army.

PP2: Kurt convinces half of the werewolves to stick with him, and to fight against Red, commenting on their past history with her.

C: Red finds out, and the two packs fight against each other.  By this time, Kurt is no longer a coward, and goes after Red.

R: Red is quickly dispatched.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  Red tries to seduce Max.

PP1: She recruits most of the wolves, and Max seems pleased.

MP: She tries to seduce Max again, and is almost successful.

PP2:  Violet sensing Red almost has Max back, decides to try one more thing, and sends Red out after Kurt.

C: Kurt catches up to Red and is never heard from again.

R: Violet cements her place by Max’s side but by this time the heroes are about to storm the castle!


Enchanted Lands Locations -

Our Realm:
John’s room
The main “square”.
Library
Store

Enchanted Lands Resort:
Train (not playable)
Forest of Fading Thoughts
Knight’s Academy
Princess Prep
Fairy GodCollege
Wizard University (Wizard U)
Resort Hub
The Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel
Bats-in-the-Belfry Motel
Dwarf mines (underground)
Gnome Kingdom (also underground)
Administration Castle (in the clouds)

---------------------------------------------

Enchanted Lands

Introduction:
Take a magical vacation where you can slay a dragon, rescue a princess, become a powerful wizard or just stay at one of our many fine magical hotels.  All is in the realm of possibility. – At least, that’s what it says in the brochure.  Enchanted Lands, the magical resort kingdom is in ruins.  The King has mysteriously disappeared.  Enchanted Lands Magical Holdings, (the company that owns the resort kingdom) has gone belly up.  Administration has closed up the various magical schools, and a dark presence has returned from banished realms.  

Is there no one that can solve these mysteries?  Will the schools ever reopen?  Will there ever be anymore stupendous vacation deals?!  Stay tuned!

Summary:
Enchanted Lands is a magical vacation getaway.  Situated in the lovely “sunny nexus” between worlds.  Here the ridiculously wealthy can indulge their fantasies.  A true-to-life magic kingdom which makes it’s money on tourism, has fallen on hard times.  The story follows a band of adventurers as they restore order to the kingdom as well as a positive cash flow.



What follows is a rewrite of the plot points of the main story and the individual characters above and follows the same general format.  Inciting Incident (II) – is the thing that sets the story in motion, Plot Point 1 (PP1) – is a turning point that reveals some important information and possibly is a point of no return from the main or pov character.  Midpoint (MP) is where the story takes a turn in another direction, Plot Point 2 (PP2) – where the main character resolves to see the story through, which results in a Climax (C) and a Resolution (R).  The game is played in between these points, usually a cutscene.

II.  The King disappears, Administration closes down the Knights Academy, Wizard U., Fairy God-College, and Princess Prep.  Enchanted Holdings, Inc goes bankrupt.  The dwarfs and their mines become a closed society.  Only a single hotel, “The Grand Enchanted Landian”, remains open.  A previously banished madman is rumored to have returned.

PP1.  It turns out that an evil wizard that was banished has returned.  Under the guise of “Chief of Operations” of Enchanted Ltd, he uses the Knights Academy to train real soldiers.  Evil dragons are plaguing small villages.  Fairy GodCollege is using witches pretending to be Fairy Godmothers to ‘convince’ women into becoming witches.  Wizard U. and Princess Prep are closed down.  A princess from another realm is captured by the evil one.  He also secretly starts up his mines and enslaves tourists to mine a special magical ore called “quicksilver” which is what powers the magic in the kingdom.

MP.  The evil one’s purpose is to raise a magical army in order to invade and conquer the connecting realms.  The Princess is from a realm that can imbue magical properties to non-magical people.  The evil one tries to get her to tell him how.  At the same time he tries to conduct experiments using quicksilver on tourists. When one of the band of adventurers rescues the princess, he finds out the evil one’s plans.  The evil one had set up a puppet king by condemning the real king to the same punishment he had received, and then replacing him.  The adventurers find the dwarf mines as the secret location of the evil one’s quicksilver mines.  The dwarfs are held hostage by evil gnomes.

PP2.  The various adventurers find out this information and proceed to break into the schools.  Convert the knights to fight for right, to release the fairy godmothers-to-be, to reopen Wizard University, and to gain entrance to a library to help in the fight.  To rescue all the Princesses, they fight the dragons who are normally tame and friendly and then remove the enchantment they were under to do evil.  The main guy who rescues the main princess tries to go into the mines but is ambushed and enslaved.

C. The main protagonist teams up with the dwarfs and overcomes the gnomes and frees the slaves. They form an army to fight against the evil one’s already accrued forces.  The main adventurers with the dwarfs use a secret magical transporter to get them into the administration castle.  Then they disrupt administration long enough to let the good army in.  The main protagonist faces off against the evil one as a large scale epic battle ensues.  The evil one is eventually overcome and the battle stops.

R.  This time the evil one is sentenced to life in the Knight’s Academy as a ‘training dummy’.  The main guy and princess are wed and unanimously “elected”  the new King and Queen.  The kingdom is then restored.  Leaving just one mystery to be solved:  Where is the real King?  The puppet King is sent to an asylum.  Vacation tours are resumed and the schools and hotels are reopened, as Enchanted Lands is back in the black! 

Enchanted Lands Characters -
Full character bios to be filled in later.  I’ve decided not to allow the player to play the bad guys after all, so there will be some mystery to the story, but will be developed as they were.  (This may have been written in 2009 or thereabouts and so have since went back to undecided on playing the villains).

Good Guys:
John Thomas – Our main protagonist.  He doesn’t have many friends or a girlfriend.  He works at a library part time and lives with his mother.  He is 21.  Somehow he ends up getting a “magic” ticket and passport to Enchanted Lands from a mysterious benefactor.  Ending up on an Enchanted train, he begins his adventure.

Hubert Halfway – Self proclaimed “half-way wizard”.  Once a wizard falls in love he may choose to share his magic with his fiance.  Hubert did this at one time only to have her leave him for another sorcerer and along with her went half of his magic.  (A small note, part of this is the idea about a divorce where the wife gets half of all the husband owns, so even though I don’t typically want to present divorces and affairs and such being a family game, it might be funnier if he gets a divorce with his wife, and as part of the legal agreement she, too, gets half of everything he owns, including the magic, so I may choose to do that.  At the same time I won’t presenting extra-marital affairs or anything, she just leaves him, and that’s all that will be said about it.)  Now he can only literally do magic that only partly works “halfway”.  Originally he was called “Harold Halfway” but I wasn’t trying to do any take on Harry Potter.  Then since his last name was Halfway and not Potter, I thought it might be a good joke that he changed his name to Hubert Halfway to avoid copyright infringement.  Not sure if I won’t use that joke, even if I decide to go with Hubert as the name he uses.

Princess Karin – From another realm where non-magicals can be imbued with magical abilities.  She was to be a guest speaker at Princess Prep.  A school that lets tourists learn to be beautiful princesses.  Before she can speak at the school she’s kidnapped by an evil witch, set to run it.

The Count – A vampire who runs the “Bats-in-the-Belfy” Motel, albeit unsuccessfully since he’s a vampire.  Misunderstood, vampires don’t actually drink blood, but a wine made from a the fruit of the “bloodberry” bush, which when it’s made looks exactly like blood.  He enjoys sucking the meat out of corn dogs and has only one goal which is to find a mate willing to spend hundreds of years with him as a vampire herself.  (I think I stated in the earlier description that his original name was going to be Roy for certain reasons, and since that reason is no longer relevant, I decided to just name him simply the count, with a possible joke being he really is called Roy but he doesn’t tell anyone because it doesn’t elicit much fear, if any.

Roland the “over-sized” dwarf – His only goal is to find his father rumored to be a giant.  Roland is actually a dwarf but larger than most humans.  He was shunned by the rest of the dwarfs because dwarfs and giants don’t really get along, and plus he can’t hardly fit into the mines, as he’s just too big for most places.  Roland is instrumental in getting into the mines and helping to rescue the other dwarfs from the evil gnome King.

Chester the “friendly” dragon – On one of his many sightseeing tours, he manages to escape enchantment that turned the other dragons bad.  He has problems with a bully who was terrible even before enchantment.  Chester tries his best to stay away from this bully but is frequently beaten up by him.

Sir William the Unicorn – Who was once a human, in fact chief of the King’s Guard, and a great knight but also vein and conceited.  When he refused to let a scraggly old woman share his fire and chased her off one stormy night, she put a spell on him and turned him into a Unicorn.  He eventually became humble, after years of being hunted and is desperately seeking the old woman who cast the spell in order to undo this enchantment.

Bad Guys:

Maximilian Spell – The evil wizard who was banished for enslaving people to work in his quicksilver mines.  As a plan for revenge and world domination he’s attempting to raise a magical army.  By closing down the schools for “refurbishment” he force Enchanted Holdings, Inc to go bankrupt by diminished tourism.  Using the front company Enchanted, Ltd and acting as Chief Operating Officer “Max Millions” he bought the IP rights and all assets for mere pennies.  Forming an uneasy alliance with the Gnome Kingdom, the gnomes hold the dwarfs hostage.  This allows Max to use the dwarf mines for enslaving citizens and tourists to mind the magical mineral ‘quicksilver’ and to conduct his insane experiments on them.  His ultimate goal is to control all the realms connected to the nexus.

Barty the Gnome – Max’s number 1 henchman and also the king of the greedy gnomes.  With a lust for power and wealth secondly only to Max himself, he does Max’s dirty work, for which Max offer him unlimited realms to loot.  He holds the dwarfs hostage in his own kingdom, while allowing max to use the dwarf mines.

Nestor the Dragon – Chester’s bully, who isn’t enchanted because he’s already pretty mean.  Nestor commands all the rest of the dragons, and leads them on raids to plague small, innocent, villages.  Outwardly he’s tough and hateful, inside he just wants some friends.  Eventually Chester stands up to him and they become friends.

Violet Moonshadow – The evil witch who is in charge of Fairy Godcollege.  She is the same one who stole half of Hubert’s magic as well as his heart.  She’s also the old woman who turned Sir William into a unicorn as part of a grand plan.  She also arranged for Princess Karin to be kidnapped by Barty.  At Fairy Godcollege she’s teaching tourists to be witches.

The Black Knight – Every fairy tale needs one of these.  The knight that puts fear into the hearts of men, who never loses a battle, and only comes at his master’s bidding, without question.  The Black Knight has a particular taste for Unicorn meat after having killed most of these elusive creatures, he has his sights set on capturing Sir William!

Zanzibar the Great – A master ‘faker’ who bluffed his way into being invited to Enchanted Lands by pretending to be a real wizard.  Born Norman Lowman, he attempted to become adept at the art of prestidigitation, or magic tricks, as they’re sometimes called.  He was eventually excommunicated by the Brotherhood of Magicians for giving away all their secrets.  As he’s running away from them at a Magic Convention in Las Vegas, he ducks into a talk about magic, but what he doesn’t know is they’re all real wizards from Enchanted Lands, and he runs into a crowd as they open a portal to go back to the Lands.  Introducing himself as Zanzibar the Great, he does a few ordinary tricks, and gets them to let him come with them.  When he’s finally found out by Max, Max appoints him Vice President of Enchanted, Ltd for being so devious!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Notes Revision:

---

Enchanted Lands Bios -

Herein lies the accounts of the heroes of Enchanted Lands Magical Resort in their own words up to that fateful week which required mental, physical, and financial wizardry to save the worlds from a madman.

John Thomas – I was born April 12th, 1984 in Pinedale, Arizona.  My Dad Jeff Thomas was a carpenter by trade, my mother Lucy Thomas worked at the only local library for miles.  This was truly the sticks.  When I was really young I was home schooled, and then was later doing grade school in a one room schoolhouse.  Not because we were primitive but merely because there weren’t that many kids.  I was there until about age 13.  Just about the time I was starting to get interested in girls, of course.  I was real nervous.  My Dad died in an accident when he lost his balance and fell off a roof.  That’s when me and my mother moved to Oregon.  In junior high I was always to nervous to talk to girls.  In fact I was nervous anyway with people, but beautiful girls were the worst.  My mother being a librarian, I was always interested in fairy tales.  I would go to the library and read what I could and also began writing myself.  I knew I wanted to make a living writing fantasy.  Eventually I just barely graduated high school and had a few real good friends.  I went to work at the library with my mother.  One fateful day I stopped by the store to pick up my favorite chocolate bar, “The Wonky Bar”  Upon opening it I noticed a silver ticket, but in reality it was just a coupon for a free Wonky Bar.  When I turned it in to the man at the counter, who looked very old and wise, he gave me a free bar but also gave me back my coupon.  When I stepped outside I looked at the wrapper – it said “Enchanted Chocolate” as I turned to go back into the store, the door was locked and the sign said closed.  I pounded on the door but no one came, so I shrugged, and opened the bar, and took a bite.  What happened next can only be described as sheer fantasy.  A swirling vortex appeared in front of me, and inside there was what appeared to be the inside of a train car.  In a move only to be found in my favorite fantasy novels I stepped through.  The vortex closed behind me but nobody seemed to notice except a very old man that looked familiar.  Just then a very small, rotund, little man got up in front of me, walked to the front of the car and put a device on the wall and returned to his seat.  He had a device in his hand that looked similar to the one he put on the wall.  When he activated the car started spinning wildly.  If this was a train before, I don’t know what it was now.  Then the little man dressed in green with a pointed hat, messed with the device again and it stopped spinning and seemed instead to tilt forward.  He managed to make his way to a seat in which sat a very beautiful woman which looked to be about my age.  There was something different about her, as if she were royalty.  The little, rotund, man sprinkled some what looked like glitter on top of her and she fell instantly into a deep sleep.  The small man then proceeded to heft her over his shoulder like she was a feather, even though she looked like a standard human female (perhaps a bit on the small side, as a lot of females are).  He then went to a door in the side of the car, and jumped out.  So it was apparent that we were in the air, in some sort of flying vehicle.  Just then the train started spinning and rocking in multiple directions, when I fell forward rolled to the front and hit my head.  That’s all I remember before waking up outside in a forest that seemed like winter had stolen it’s leaves but the air was warm.  When I surveyed everything, I notice that we were indeed in a train, however, as implausible as it might have been, it was apparently a flying train.  As all the cars were strewn about the wood, as well as bags and various luggage, and various people and creatures were also just recovering from what just happened.  This is where my journey began and I will write more later.

Hubert Halfway – As I start my memoirs I must warn you fair reader, that as an old man and a “halfway-wizard” that I tend to be long winded.  It all started when I met this young man whom I sold a Wonky bar to, disguised as a merchant in his realm.  But before we get to that I must back up a bit.  You see the trouble started with the news that the resort was closing.  Wait.  Before I tell you that I should mention that before becoming Hubert Halfway, I had a different last name, but that’s not important to you.  What is important is that I have only half of my magic.  And to get to that story, I need to tell you a few things about Wizards in love.  However you may wish to know my background.  Wizards are born of magic and love.  Basically after marriage there’s a tradition where we wizards and our mates will cast a spell together – literally.  And then, you know, the usual happens, like babies.  I was born to two loving parents, but I’m sure you’re not interested in that.  What you will be interested to know is that I was instrumental in turning Enchanted Lands Magical Resort, into, well… a resort!  Of course it wasn’t originally called Enchanted Lands Magical Resort.  It was the Enchanted Kingdom.  I had suggest to the King that “taxes, do not a happy kingdom, make”, and that the *real* money is in tourism!  And with that we started the Enchanted Lands Magical Resort for the ridiculously wealthy!  Okay let’s fast-forward a bit.  There was a great young wizard named Maximilian and he decided it was a great idea to enslave people to work his quicksilver mines.  Well that didn’t gov over well as you can imagine.  So as punishment he was banished.  Now one could hope that was the end of the story, but unfortunately it was not.  This brings me to the point about Wizards in love.  You see when we marry for love we share everything including our magic.  And there she was.  After Maximilian was banished, the most beautiful woman, an enchantress, I’ve ever seen, entered my life.  She was wonderful, magical, and beautiful.  We were about to get married but she, shall we say, convinced me to share our magic before we got married.  That was the most terrible mistake I had ever made in my life.  Because that was when she turned into another person altogether.  Violet, as she was called, started acting very strange, cold to me, and making demands instead of requests.  Then one day, she left me, this is when things started to go awry.  I would cast spells which would only do things partially.  For instance, I would cast a spell for breakfast, because I didn’t want to make the old fashioned way, but instead of two eggs and a glass of orange juice, I’d get one egg and a half-a-glass.  And when I say half-a-glass, I mean half of the glass – sometimes it was the top, and sometimes it was the bottom.  Would make a big mess I can tell you!  I might enchant a broom to sweep the floor, but it only does half of the floor.  The problem isn’t that I gave half of my magic away, with my heart, but that this little halfway problem was caused by my betrothed giving her magic to someone else.  So that’s why I changed my last name to Halfway.  So here we are.  II.  The King disappears, Administration closes down the Knights Academy, Wizard U., Fairy God-College, and Princess Prep.  Enchanted Holdings, Inc goes bankrupt.  The dwarfs and their mines become a closed society.  Only a single hotel, “The Grand Enchanted Landian”, remains open.  A previously banished madman is rumored to have returned.

Princess Karin – To whomever may find this.  This is a plea for help. I’ve been captured by a gnome, or at least that’s what I think he is.  Dwarves usually have a nicer disposition, and gnomes are somewhat shorter.  However I cannot be too sure as I’m from another realm.  What you would call the Verdant realm.  I was on a business trip to Enchanted Lands essentially to lecture ugly old maids on the beauty within.  That’s generally my business.  I like to help women find true inner beauty, especially if I’m well paid.  I’m also technically royalty in my world, but I wish I’d stop getting special treament.  But I am ranting here.  So here I was having a nice comfortable ride in of those lovely flying trains when the place starts to spin and then start into a nosedive.  That’s when this horrid little gnome dressed in green sprinkles some fairy dust or some such on me, and picks me up.  The last thing I remember before succumbing to the powder is a young man, and a portal closing behind him.  Then I blacked out and ended up here.  I’m in some sort of wine cellar, chained up to this huge cask. Of course every good speaker has a pen and paper handy for writing notes.  And each of my limbs are shackled separately as to give me some freedom of movement without giving me a way to escape.  This is only the first day of my capture but from what I gather they’ve been planning this little kidnapping for quite some time.  I will try to gather more information soon.  Please help if you can, as soon as I can find a way to send this message.

The Count – Dear editor of the Enchanted Herald.  It has come to my attention that in your article on page 8 there are a few errors in your facts about vampires.  First and foremost, WE DO NOT DRINK BLOOD!!!  You concocted this fable just to increase circulation and we of the vampire community are outraged!  We like to grow a certain kind of berry for wine unfortunately called the “bloodberry”.  It’s called the bloodberry because it’s distinctly dark-red color.  Although it may look like blood, I can assure it isn’t anything of the sort, and in fact taste sweeter than the sweetest grapes.  Secondly, crosses do not affect me and garlic I’m told is good for my heart although as I’m practically immortal, it doesn’t affect me one way or the other.  As I said, the vampire community is outraged, especially because I’m the last member of it.  You’re scaring away the guests of my “Bats-in-the-Belfry” motel.  Even though it is indeed a very scary place, it is a hotel and thus needs guests so I can pay my bills.  It’s not enough your people got rid of my bloodline, but you have to go ahead and get rid of my business as well!  I will not stand for it!  While it is true we can extend the life of others, and make them like ourselves by a bite on the neck, we prefer to think of them as love bites.  We also don’t force other against their will, and they must freely give themselves up or it won’t work.  If this letter gets printed please also let any eligible ladies contact me at the “Bats-in-the-Belfry” motel.  As I was saying, even though we bite, we don’t suck, ha ha ha!  Also it’s not a crime, at least not here in Enchanted Lands, to turn into a bat, from time-to-time.  Finally, even though we’re virtually immortal we can still be killed by a wooden stake through the heart.  You’ve hunted down our bloodline until I’m the only one left.  We, of the vampire community, just want to be left alone to run our hotel!  In conclusion for a restless night’s sleep and prices so low they’re scary.  Come to the Bats-in-the-Belfry hotel, located just outside Wizard U.  Sincerely, the Count.

Roland – Practice Magic Mirror conversation.  I would like to speak to _____.  My name is Roland and I’m a dwarf, and I believe my daddy is a giant!  May I speak to him?  Hello _____.  My name is Roland.  I am a dwarf.  Are you my daddy?  I ask this because my momma was a dwarf and before she died, she told to find you.  She died just before telling me your name.  So I’m looking for you in the giant pages.  If you’re not him, then please tell other giants I am looking for him.  If you are than I am happy to meet you.  After momma died the dwarves kicked me out because I am too big to work in the mines, and I am half-giant.  Bigger than dwarves and even humans but smaller than giants.  I have no place to go.  Can I live with you?  Yes?  Thank you!  No? Where will I go? Away? Goodbye?

Chester – The good-hearted dragon -  Tell you about my past?  Let’s see, when I was a little dragling I loved flying and would go on many sight-seeing trips.  I loved those.  Did I have any friends?  Not many. People would say “Chester, you have your head in the clouds.” and I would say “I can’t help it.”  How did that make me feel?  Confused.  I’m  normally a  happy dragon, but flying and sight-seeing doesn’t bring home the bacon, if you know what I mean.  My biggest fear?  That all my friends will stay under that evil enchantment.  You know, I bet they wouldn’t put me down now, if they only knew they were under a spell.  I’m also afraid of Nestor – he was mean even before the spell.  Nestor is a big bully and sometimes, he makes me angry!  I would like to be friends with him, and we could go on sightseeing trips.  My hour is up?  Well thank you doctor.

Sir William, the Unicorn – Here is my speech to the woman that turned me into a unicorn. At the time I was conceited and ego drive and now I believe I have learned my lesson.  Here goes.  Dear witch, my name is Sir William.  I don’t know if you remember me, but I was the knight who would not share his fire with you.  I’ve have replayed this meeting over and over in my mind, and still words are hard to find for what you’ve taught me.  First let me tell you a little about myself.  I grew up with every privilege in life.  I was born in a large castle to, two, very rich parents.  I was the only child and for that they lavished me with gifts.  When I was young the other kids were jealous of me.  Called me names all because they didn’t have what I did.  So my parents being very doting and telling me how much better I was than them.  And the kids shunning me because of my position and high status, when I started to believe it myself.  In my parents defense, they were only telling me this because they could see hwo the other kids were really starting to get to me.  So they tried to make me feel good.  However, in so doing, they create a monster.  Eventually I believed I was better than everyone else and so I began acting that way toward my fellow man.  I then trained and became a Knight.  Eventually people would avoid me even when I was a good and loyal knight.  I had a real attitude problem.  I wouldn’t even look at a commoner.  As if I was any kind of royalty.  I would have continued this way, if it had not been for you, witch.  When you turned me into a unicorn, I was furious at first.  I could not speak in human language anymore, but only neighs and whinnys like a common mare!  I tried desperately to talk to people only succeeding in frightening them away or making rather rough men wish to capture me, the most elusive of beasts.  I’ve come to realize my shortcomings and believe I am humble enough to return to a normal human life.  I do understand why you turned me into a unicorn.  A unicorn is magnificent to look at, run at great speeds, and are very strong.  Not unlike myself.  Not as a point for bragging, but rather as qualities useful for the betterment of mankind.  AS I would use these gifts to help people instead of just helping myself.  I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for turning you out on that dark and story night.  Please also find it in your heart to change me back into my former self.

---

Enchanted Villain Monthly Profiles

Each month Enchanted Villain Monthly profiles a new evil genius.  Specialists in each of their respective fields will want to subscribe monthly for hints, tips, and strategies on being the most evil villain you can be.

This month EVM profiles Maximilian Spell also known as billionaire playboy Max Millions and COO of Enchanted Ltd.

EVM Profile: Maximilian Spell
Background:  Mr. Spell is an evil wizard in the finest tradition of evil wizards.  He graduated Wizard U.  with a major in  World Domination and a minor in the black arts.  He was off to a promising career enslaving hundreds of Enchanted Landians to work his quicksilver mines.  But this was cut short as the plot unfolded and he was captured and sentenced to banishment.  While hew as away he was busy orchestrating his comeback and eventual conquest of the worlds!  Now that he’s back in the realm EVM got a chance to catch up with him in an interview.

EVM:  Welcome to Enchanted Villain Monthly and thanks for giving us the chance to interrogate -er interview you.
MS: Interrogation, ha ha!  Glad to be here.

EVM: Tell us a little about yourself for those who don’t know.
MS: I’m an evil wizard and I’m here to conquer the realms once again with a magical army.

EVM: Tell us about the events leading up to your original capture and subsequent banishment.
MS:  Well essentially I was trying to do the same thing I’m doing now, but made the mistake of enslaving the people first, this is what got me caught.
EVM:  How exactly did you caught?
MS: Well that’s a funny story.  AS you know I was enslaving citizens of Enchanted Lands to work the mines.  Little did I know I enslaved an old man who managed to get the people to revolt.  See my plan was to find a way to get non-magical types to be able to use magic via quicksilver and raise an army.  Ironically those same people I singled out to form the army were the ones that eventually led to my arrest.

EVM: Ironic indeed.  Now I’m curious how you were able to get back into the realm?
MS: Well as you know when I was banished I was stripped of my magic.  However, I managed to get my hands on a Benny Wonky chocolate bar with a silver coupon – A “quick” silver coupon (if you get my meaning) which gave me access to come back.

EVM: What makes you think you will succeed this time?
MS:  Well this time I think I have all my bases covered.  The King has been replaced by a puppet of my choosing.  I’m now set up to do human experiments.  We plan on kidnapping the Princess of Verdence.  I now control Enchanted Holdings assets through my company Enchanted Limited.  And I’ve either closed up or modified for my own usage, the magical training schools.  I think it will work out this time.

EVM: Have any parting thoughts, last words, or tips for the would-be megalomaniac or evil wizard?
MS:  Always finish what you start.  This is important.  You don’t know how many young evil-geniuses I have met that get all fired up and ready for evildoing and then realize being evil is hard work and then quit and end up flipping burgers at an Enchanted Castle Burger joint.  Always cover all the angles.  I’m proof-positive that this needs to be done.  Last but not least have fun!  Being evil doesn’t mean you’re Mr. Serious all the time.  Leave the boring get down to business stuff to the good guys.  Being evil is all about having, so have lots of fun!

EVM:  Well thanks for sitting down to chat with us.  I know you want to get back to business.
MS: It was my pleasure

Next month we will be interviewing Barty, evil king of the gnomes, and Maximilian Spell’s number one henchman.

Barty the Gnome – This month Enchanted Villian Monthly profiles Barty the Gnome, king of the greedy, evil, but lovable (not really) gnomes.

EVM Profile: Barty the Gnome:
Background:  Barty became king of the gnomes by taking it.  He arranged for the old king to “disappear” and assumed leadership.  He masterminded the “Great Magic Mirror Heist” and then joined Maximilian Spell when promised the loot of a thousand realms!  EVM got a chance to chat with this great mastermind and goldmonger.

EVM:  Welcome to Enchanted Villain Monthly and thanks for taking the time to cheat -er- chat with us.
BtG: Hrrmph

EVM: Tell us about yourself for those  who don’t know.
BtG: I am King of the Gnomes and I prize gold and jewels above all else!

EVM: How did you get acquainted with the notorious Maximilian Spell?
BtG: He was a fan of my work and made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.

EVM: You mean the “loot of a thousand realms”.  What responsibilities do you have with Max’s organization?
BtG: The usual, kidnapping, taking hostages, stealing.  You name, I do it!

EVM:  So what are your current plans?
BtG:  Kidnap Princess.  Hold dwarves hostage.  Replace King with puppet.  Violet Moonshadow, (a real witch) actually makes the plans with Max.  I simply carry out the orders.

EVM: I’d personally like to know a bit about the “Great Magic Mirror Heist”
BtG:  It was actually quite simple.  The dwarves were commissioned with building four, new, magic mirrors to watch over the “lands”.  Specifically to watch the Knights Academy, Wizard U., Fairy God-Collage, and Princess Prep.  We’re only slightly smaller than dwarves in size.  I took some of my best men and through a few secret passageways went into the mines.  We beat up a few guards and stole their clothes.  We then basically made off with the mirrors like bandits.  Because we are bandits. 

EVM:  And I presume you still have the mirrors?
BtG: No comment.

EVM: Have any parting thoughts for wannabe thieves?
BtG:  Stay out of our way and don’t get caught!

EVM:  Well thanks for sharing some of your time with us.
BtG: Hrrrmph!

Next month EVM talks to the lovely but evil Violet Moonshadow!

Violet Moonshadow:  This month Enchanted Villain Monthly has a special treat.  EVM’s own Violet Moonshadow.  Violet has been EVM’s editor-in-chief for several years.  This time is special as she has hooked up with evil genius Maximilian Spell!

EVM:  Hello Ms. Moonshadow. Seductive as always!
VM:  Hello, great to be here in an unofficial capacity.

EVM: What everyone wants to know is, how you got involved with Max!
VM:  Well as many of our readers know, I love seducing wizards and stealing half their magic.  So I pretend to love them, they give me part of their magic, I leave without explanation, and then I find someone else and do it again.  So I’ve amassed quite a bit of magic already.  It’s made me very powerful, but it’s also fun for me.  I had found a new target in a, what I thought, was a young naive, wet-behind-the-ears, junior wizard.  When I started working my “magic” he very quickly caught on to what I was doing, but instead of throwing me out, he asked if I wanted to join him.

EVM:  So did you?
VM: Not at first.  I was watching him closely as he started telling me of his plans to conquer all the realms and the it looked like a really solid plan.  I saw what he accomplished already and had a new respect for him.  Eventually he won me over with his ambition and dreams of avarice and I’ve been with him ever since.

EVM:  How do you fit into his plans?
VM:  Well the one wizard who could possibly thwart his plans is a man named Hubert.  So I managed to get half of his magic.  Also one of the best Knights of the kingdom was Sir William, but his ego was so big I used it against him and turned him into a unicorn.  It’s quite a shame really.  Sir William was so handsome and strong and I could have done so much with that ego of his.  But alas, I’m with Max.  I also arrange for Princess Karin’s kidnapping through Barty the Gnome King.  I am also training would be Fairy Godmothers to be evil witches.

EVM: Sounds like a full plate!
VM: Busy yes, but oh so fun!

EVM:  Thanks for such an alluring interview, I wish you’d steal half of my magic – if I had any.
VM:  But you wouldn’t be around to enjoy it.  And you’re welcome!

Next month: That bully of the skies, that scaly monster, you all know and love as Nestor the “mean” dragon.

Enchanted Villain Monthly is really risking it’s life this time with Nestor, the “mean” dragon.

EVM:  Welcome Nestor, to Enchanted Villain Monthly, the magazine for evil villains of the realm!
N: Unfortunate for me but fortunate for you, I don’t like food that talks back.  As your questions puny human!

EVM: T-t-tell us a bi-bi-bit about your ssselff!
N: I was born, cowering human, with a brother, he died after hatching, and now I hate everyone else!

EVM: I’ve h-heard you were doing some work for Max?
N: True.  He let’s me attack small villages but everyhone runs.  I want people to stop being afraid of me, because they’re afraid they do stupid things which makes me angry.  And when I get angry I start burning things.  And then I don’t get to eat.

EVM:  Then why work for Max?
N: It’s a living.  I get a free sheep and cattle buffet.  But now YOU’RE making me angry!

EvM:  I guess that’s all we have time for today.  We’d like to thank Nestor for his time!
N: I’m leaving.
Next month, the infamous Black Knight!

The Black Knight:  Enchanted Villain Monthly spotlights the Black Knight.  No known background exists except his fondness for unicorn meat!

EVM:  Black Knight, fearsome though you may be, we’d like to welcome you to the Enchanted Villain Monthly Profile!
BK:  Happy to be here, what can I do for you?

EVM:  Tell us a bit about yourself.
BK:  Well that’s kind of tricky.  I don’t rightly know myself, except I love unicorn steaks!

EVM:  How are you affiliated with Maximilian Spell?
BK:  He’s an old college buddy.  Or course since dropping out of Knight’s Academy, he has since become a black wizard.  We used to have great fun sneaking over to Princess Prep and partying with the babes!  This was before tourism took hold, though.  So one day I’m eating the last unicorn roast and I get a flying scroll saying, Maxi-boy’s got a job for me.  One is crushing everyone in his way, the other states that he knows the whereabouts of another unicorn.  So here I am!

EVM: You mean Sir William?
BK:  He isn’t a “Sir” anymore!

EVM:  Well after you get him, then what?
BK:  I guess I hang up my shield

EVM:  Well thanks for spedning time with us!
BK:  My pleasure.

Next month we talk to Zanzibar the Great!  And how he was able to deceive a nation!

Zanzibar the Great:  This month Enchanted Villain Monthly chats with a great magician, or is it a great deceiver?
Background: Rumor has it that he used to do magic tricks, but was banished from his own realm by sharing the secrets of other magicians which is forbidden by the magicians code!

EVM:  Thanks for stoping your busy schedule to talk to us.
ZtG:  No problem, thanks for having me.

EVM: Rumor has it you were banished from you rown realm.  Can you tell us about that as well as give us a bit of your background?
ZtG: Well where I come from we don’t actually banish people.  I’m from that realm you call Cerulea, and I call Earth!  They usually put criminals in prisons.  Basically I believed that magic tricks should be shared with everyone, but the magicians didn’t see it that way.  When I revealed all their secrets they wanted to do physical harm to me, so I had to get out of there quick!

EVM:  So how did you end up here?
ZtG:  As luck would have it, during, my last performance there was a wizard’s convention next door, and I was already dressed for the part!  I went over there to escape the wrath of my fellow prestidigitators and hid in a line of visiting wizards, who I didn’t know were actual wizard’s at the time.  As they were stepping through the portal, it looked to me like a bunch of theatrics and realized maybe I could duck out on them.  Little did I realize I had stepped through a real magic portal into a real magic Kingdom!

EVM:  So now here you are in a foreign realm, and what did you do?
ZtG:  The only thing I could, I pretended to be a great wizard!  I found I could start over.  No one knew me here, and no one was chasing me.

EVM:  Sound like the end of an exciting story, but how did you end up in the service of Maximilian Spell?
ZtG: That is actually a funny story.  You see I found it pretty lucrative to be a fake wizard and I began making some decent money.  One day Mr. Spell comes up asking for a way to look into the future.  So I oblige and gladly take his money.

EVM: I bet he wasn’t too happy?
ZtG:  Happy?  At first he was furious!  When I explained the situation, his demeanor changed.  He started to be amused at the fact I was making a considerable sum, by faking magic!  After being tied up to some wine casks in the cellar of what turned out to be the Grand Enchanted Landian (only the best most expensive Hotel in the Lands) he made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.

EVM: It seems Max makes a lot of offerings people can’t refuse.  Well good luck on your new “career” and thanks for taking some time with us!
ZtG: No. Thank you!

Next month we profile that sorry creature who turned evil via a magic ring, he likes to call his “precious”.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Plot outline revision.  Note: I started revising my plot outline, but didn’t get very far rewriting the villain plot outlines.

Character: John Thomas

Plot: After discovering the silver coupon, John bites into a Wonkybar and is magically transported to a magical land.  When Hubert Halfway finds him, he convinces him to help put Enchanted Lands back into a positive cash flow.

Subplot: After seeing the Princess being kidnapped John vows to rescue her so he can possibly get a date.

Main Plot Points.

II.  John bites into a bar which opens a portal where john steps through only to see a gnome kidnap the Princess mess up the flight pattern of the “train” and bail out in mid-air.  John blacks out after hitting head on chair, wakes up in a forest without leaves on the trees.

PP1. After finding his way out of the forest with Hubert, he learns Enchanted Lands is a magical resort vacation spot that has fallen on hard times.  Hubert convinces him to help restore the land by figuring out what actually caused the resort to shut down.

MP. After some detective work, he finds out where the Princess is being held and rescues her.  From her they find out that the COO of Enchanted Ltd is really the previously banished Maximilian Spell.  His plan is to conquer all the realms by raising a magical army.

PP2. John finds a way into Max’s quicksilver mines, a precious metal with magical properties, by getting help from Roland The Oversized Dwarf.  Once inside he tries to free the slaves only to be caught himself.

C. With the help of Roland and the dwarves, they overcome the gnomes and free the slaves.  Then they proceed to form an army.  They then find a way into the Administration Castle.  The he lets the good army onto the grounds.  John fights Max and wins.

R.  After the castle is retaken, John gets unanimously voted as King and rules.

Subplot points

II. The Princess is kidnapped

PP1. John finds out she is a real live Princess and proceeds to gain entrance into Princess Prep, only to find her trapped the Enchanted Landian wine cellar.

MP. He rescues her and she instantly takes a liking to him, however before she will consider a date, he must do something truly selfless.

PP2.  He risks his life to help free the slaves.

C. When they overcome the gnomes and meets up with everyone, he gets kiss.

R. When all is done they have a “royal” date.

Character: Hubert Halfway

Plot: After seeing the King change, close down the resort, and sell out to Enchanted Ltd, Hubert decides to find someone from the outside to help him take back the land.

Subplot: Hubert trieds to find Violet Moonshadow to give him back his magic.

Main Plot Points:

II. Resort closed down, and the King is indifferent to the change.  The King then sells the resort. Hubert then proceeds to find someone from outside Enchanted Lands to help.  

PP1. Hubert finds John Thomas and brings him to Enchanted Lands and convinces him to help reclaim the resort and restore it.

MP.  Using the count for spying, they find clues to the Princesses whereabouts.  John figures out where based on the clues.  Hubert helps John get into the Grand Enchanted Landian with his “half way” magic.

PP2.  When Hubert learns of the plans he gets Roland to help John get into the mines.  Hubert finds a way into Wizard U’s library to get plans to the Administration castle.

C.  After John frees the slaves he uses Huberts plans to get into the Castle.

R.  Hubert with his full magic makes John and Karin’s date “magical”.

Subplot Points:

II. Hubert finds Violet shacked up with Max Millions.

PP1.  He then investigates Max to find his old friend turned enemy is really Maximilian Spell and he has snuck back into the kingdom. He also found out, Violet shared her magic with him!

MP.  Finds out Violet is running Fairy Godcollege to train witches for the impending invasion.

PP2.  Helps free the wannabe fairy godmothers to face Violet alone. Instead of a duel finds a spell to restore magic, but in order for it to work, all participants in the “magic sharing” must be gathered in the same room.

C.  Hubert then gets into the Castle where Max is with Violet in tow, and then proceeds to cast a spell that restores his magic back to him.

R.  Violet is forced to work at Fairy Godcollege as a subject for spells.

Character: Princess Karin

Main Plot: After getting caught the Princess tries to find a way to escape.

Subplot:  When she hears some of the plans she decides he wants to hear more.
Main plot points:

II.  Princess is kidnapped and ends in a wine cellar.

PP1.  After an unsuccessful escape attempt, some guards picks up the Princess and takes her to Fairy Godcollege and locks her up in a room.  She tries to escape again and gathers more information and is also caught again.

MP.  She is then brought to the mines and to Max who tortures her to get her to say how to give people magic and then taken back to the hotel wine cellar.

PP2.  This time the Count as a bat, is able to overhear about her in the Hotel, as he overhears one of the guards talk about the struggle.

C.  Relaying his info to John and Hubert, John comes to rescue her, but not before she gets the guards to talk.

R.  She is reunited with John, Harold, the Count, and Roland.

Subplot points:

II.  Attempting to escape causes the guards to deliver the Princess to Fairy Godcollge.

PP1.  Face to face with Violet Moonshadow, the Princess gets questioned, then sent back to her room.  She gets a little tidbit of info.

MP.  Escaping her room she is able to overhear more info.

PP2.  Caught again and sent to Max in the mines where she is tortured and gets the next tidbit of info.

C. Sent back to the hotel, she kicks and punches her way back.  The Count while still a bat overhears the guards speak about her, and then finds out where she is, and returns to fetch John and Hubert.

R.  After being rescued she relays her info.

Character: The Count

Main plot: The Count and Hubert are old friends and he wants to help out, so he turns into a bat to spy and find out what happened to the Princess.

Subplot: The Count is trying to find a woman who will allow him to bite her on the neck, and spend the rest of her extra-long life with him.

Main plot points:

II.  The count is contacted by Hubert to spy and see what he can find out about the Princess after she was kidnapped.  He also gets maligned in an article in the Enchanted Herald magazine.

PP1.  Finding clues is not easy.  After checking out all the familiar places, he overhears the guards and tells John of the Princesses whereabouts.  He then returns to tell Hubert and John the info.

MP.  He finds also the Herald slayed his bloodline.

PP2. He sets up his hotel as a base of operations.

C.  Uses his contacts in the “service” industry to help build up a “good” army.

R.  Busboys, waiters, housekeepers and the like Join the battle!

Subplot point:

II.  After reading the scathing review of his hotel and learns of his family, he gets lonely and starts to seek a mate.

PP1.  Princess Karin decides to play matchmaker and sets up a dating service for him.

MP.  Using Chester they fly candidates in who after finding out he’s a vampire, declines.

PP2.  A woman who used to manage the Grand Enchanted Landian was rudely fired by the new management after years of dedicated service, she gets hired by Bats-in-the-Belfry.

C. Finding out he’s noble she agrees on a date.

R.  Finally submits to becoming his mate for life.

Character: Roland the Oversized Dwarf

Main Plot:  Roland wants to find his father, who’s rumored to be a giant!

Subplot: He helps John get into the dwarves mine.

Main Plot Points:

II. He attempts to talk to the dwarves but can’t get in because the dwarves are hostages to the greedy gnomes.

PP1.  One old dwarf gets thrown out after he can no longer work.  He tells roland to seek his father in the mountains to the north, then dies.

MP.  He catches up to Chester fresh from one of his sightseeing trips.  Asks him to take him north, and Chester takes and instant liking to the young half-dwarf/half-giant and agrees.

PP2.  He finds his Dad chained to a machine which breaks the ore down for smelting the quicksilver.

C.  Reunited with his father they talk, and Roland finds out his father didn’t abandon him and his mother.

R.  Roland decides to help John get in hopefully through some secret passages.

Subplot Points:

II.  After seeing his Dad chained, Roland tries to figure out a way into the mines.

PP1.  Finally gets into the mines and gathers some info and tells John.

MP.  They make a plan to enter the mines.

PP2.  They enter the mines and get captured.

C.  With what info he gathered Roland manages to elude capture but forms the plans for a revolt and rescues John.  Together they form the slave revolt.

R. Finally free they all leave.

Character: Chester the Dragon

Main Plot:  Find a way to release the dragons from enchantment.

Subplot:  To become friends with Nestor, the mean dragon, and his bully.

Main Plot points:

II.  On a sightseeing trip Chester escapes the enchantment, noting Nestor didn’t get enchanted either.

PP1.  Chester tries to bring shiny objects to the enchanted dragons, but it doesn’t work.

MP.  He decides to find Nestor and tries to talk to him, but only gets beat up by him.

PP2.  Finds out they’re brothers and talk a bit, and we find out Nestor was raised alone, and didn’t even see another Dragon until he was already grown up, but by then he was too mean.  So when Chester offers him a present one of the shiny objects he was hoping to snap the other dragons out of the spell, Nestor’s heart melts and they become friends.

C.  They decide the best way maybe to snap the other dragons out of their enchantments is with fire, so they begin to breath fire on the other dragons, which then breaks them out of the spell.

R.  Now freed, and now that Chester has found his long lost brother, and they’ve become friends, they decide to help our heroes in the fight against Max and his minions.

Subplot points:

II.  Chester gets beaten up by Nestor.

PP1.  By bugging Nestor he finds Nestor’s meanness is from missing a long lost brother with no other family and no other dragons to be friends with while he was growing up.

MP.  Finds out he was his long lost brother.

PP2.  The two work together to release dragons from their enchantments.

C.  After success they become fast friends.

R.  With friends they decide to join the good army.

Character: Sir William the unicorn.

Main Plot: Sir William wants to be able to communicate with humans so then he may start the search for the witch who cursed him.

Subplot: Able to speak he stars his search and uncovers the plot to get him out of the way.

Main plot points:

II.  Sir William dreams of the night he was changed, and wakes up a unicorn.

PP1.  Chester spots Sir William while flying and after the Princess rescue tells her about seeing the unicorn in the Forest of Fading Thoughts.  She realizes he must be the last of his kind at least in Enchanted Lands, and wants to rescue him.

MP.  After his rescue, they notice something that’s odd about him, and he scratches at the ground with his hoof, so they realize he’s smarter than an average animal.  Hubert thinks he’s been enchanted in some way, so they decide to sneak into Wizard U. into the library to find out what it could be.

PP2.  After searching for clues in every book, they find out there’s a spell that can turn humans into any kind of animal.  They also find a copy of Beauty and the Beast, in fact it’s a book from our world that somehow ended up at Wizard U.  Then they sort of put things together, that maybe he was a man that was cursed by a witch for some reason, that turned him into a unicorn.  So Hubert attempts to change him back, but only succeeds in allowing him to speak like a human!
C.  William tells them everything that’s happened to him.  Then they realize that they’re both after the same person, Violet Moonshadow!!! And go after her.

R. After finding her, and getting back his magic, he turns Sir William back into a human!

Subplot points:

II.  After getting his voice, Hubert and Sir William sneak into Fairy Godcollge.

PP1.  After searching they find the reason Sir William was changed.

MP.  Sir William is captured and chained awaiting the Black Knight

PP2.  Hubert confronts Violet, and William is then loosed to be hunted.

C.  Hubert gets his magic back and turns William back into a man, and he fights the Black Knight.

R.  After defeating the Black Knight the schools are reopened and the prisoners freed, to leave or join the fight.

----

The following was meant to be the rewrite of the Villians plot outlines, but I only started Max’s rewrite, but am including it here for completeness.

Maximilian Spell.

Main Plot – His goal is to imbue tourists with magical abilities by experimenting on them with Quicksilver, so he can build an army to conquer every realm connected to the “Sunny Nexus of Worlds” with which Enchanted Lands is built on.

Subplot – Princess Karin’s realm can give magical abilities to non-magical people.  Max has her kidnapped so he can possibly get her to tell him how.

Main Plot Points

II.  Max sneaks back into the lands, sets up a puppet King, and banishes the real king.  He has the puppet close the lands for “refurbishment”  Buys all outstanding assets of Enchanted Holdings under the guise of Max Millions.  He has the princess kidnapped, restarts the mines, has Sir William taken care of, makes Barty and his gnomes grab the dwarves and holds them hostage in the gnome kingdom. He has Roland’s Dad chained to the ore crusher, and has Red Riding Hood build him a werewolf army. He also has Huberts magic removed.

-----

The following was going to be a virtual walkthrough of each playable characters game including cutscenes, but I never made it past a few paragraphs.

John Thomas Gameplay Including Cut Scenes

John Thomas walks out of his local library and walks down the street toward a convenience store, then comes out with a Benny Wonky Chocolate Bar which he promptly unwraps and then takes a bite of.  A portal opens in front of him and he steps through.  A short fat man in a green suit gets out in front of him on what appears to be a train.  He returns to his seat and messes with a small remote.  The train begins to shake violently.  In the confusion, the little guy gets up and grabs a beautiful girl and jumps out of the door.  John falls and blacks out.

When he wakes up, he’s in a forest where the trees are bare.  An old man in a blue coat gestures to him.

At this point John is the only character to be playable.  The player is able to move John around.  If he goes over to the old man he has a conversation with him.  If he stays John tells the player that he might get lost and then goes to the old man any ways.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Locations:

Knight School
Wizard University (Wizard U)
Fairy Godcollege 
Princess Preparatory Academy (Princess Prep)
The Administration Castle
The Grand Enchanted Landian
The Bats-in-the-Belfry Motel
Scarborough Faire Chicken
Dwarf mines
The Gnome Kingdom
The Forest of Forgetfulness
The Renaissance Faire (Main street, or maybe Orthogon Alley)
Hubert’s Abode

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Enchanted Lands is a magical vacation getaway.  Situated in the sunny nexus between worlds, where the ridiculously wealthy can indulge their fantasies.  A true-to-life magic kingdom, that makes it’s money on tourism has fallen on hard times.  You control a band of adventurers as they restore peace and balance to the kingdom, as well as a positive cash flow.

Welcome to Enchanted Lands!  Take a magical vacation, slay a dragon, rescue a princess, become a great and powerful wizard, or stay at one of our many fine hotels.  Anything is possible… At least that’s what the brochure says.  Enchanted Lands, the magical resort kingdom is not doing so well.  The King seems to be acting strangely.  Enchanted Enterprises has been bought out by Enchanted Holdings, Inc.  Administration has closed the various magical training schools, and a dark presence has returned from banished realms.  Is there no one that can solve these mysteries?  Will the schools ever reopen?  Will there ever be anymore stupendous vacation deals?  Stay tuned.

Hubert Halfway is your standard old Wizard.  No one knows his real age, but he has a long white, fluffy, beard, and is currently sporting a pointy blue hat.  While in the castle one day, (that is the administration castle where Enchanted Lands is run), he overheard a familiar female voice, speaking to some other male, regarding buying up the Lands.  When he went to the King about it, the King simply dismissed it.  In fact he acted rather cold toward Hubert, even though they had been friends a long, long time.  Hubert tried to go to the different schools, but they were all closed.  All except Knight school, and he couldn’t get any answers there.  Trying to go to any restaurant or hotel also yielded no help.  He realized he couldn’t trust anyone there, almost except one old friend, so he decided he needed to get some outside help.

Hubert goes to his home, steps through the front door, to a small foyer, where a medium sized table sits in the middle of the floor, and on top is a large book, that reads “Book of Spells”.  Walking to the table.  He looks to the left, to see “the study”.  To the right, he sees what looks like a room full of silly hats adorning the walls. To the north is the rest of the house, but knowing he’s got to get busy, he decides he’s not going to go through the rest of the house.  The important things are either in the study or the hat room.
Hit 1 If you wish to go to the study.
Hit 2 If you wish to go to the hat room. 
Hit 3 If you would you like to examine the “Book of spells”

Hit 0. to quit.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome to Enchanted Lands!  Take a magical vacation, slay a dragon, rescue a princess, become a great and powerful wizard, or stay at one of our many fine hotels.  Anything is possible… At least that’s what the brochure says.  Enchanted Lands, the magical resort kingdom is not doing so well.  The King seems to be acting strangely,  Enchanted Enterprises has been bought out by Enchanted Holdings, and the Administration Castle has closed the various magical training schools, and a dark presence has returned from banished realms.  

Hubert Halfway is your standard old Wizard.  No one knows his real age, but he has a long white, fluffy, beard, and is currently sporting a pointy blue hat.  While in the Castle one day, he overheard a familiar female voice, speaking to some other male, regarding buying up the Lands.  When he went to the King about it, the King simply dismissed it.  In fact he acted rather cold toward Hubert, even though they had been friends a long, long time.  Hubert tried to go to the different schools, but they were all closed.  All except Knight school, and he couldn’t get any answers there.  Trying to go to any restaurant or hotel also yielded no help.  He realized he couldn’t trust anyone there, almost except one old friend, so he decided he needed to get some outside help.

When Hubert arrived at home he set to work trying to come up with a method of getting that help.  After visiting Cerulea, he spotted, what he thought was the perfect candidate.  His name was John, and he worked part time at the library, with his mother.  He wanted to become a fantasy writer, and thus spent most of his time reading books, or writing stories.  He also didn’t have many friends, and had never been on a date, even though he was 19.  After some observation, he noticed that John always stopped by the local Minute Mart, to pick up his favorite “Benny Wonky” chocolate bar, after work.  So that evening he decided to open a portal to John’s realm, and went to the store ahead of him, but not before going through his house to pick up a few items, like checking out the spellbook on a table in the foyer and then going to the hat room and picking up a few candidates.  After pulling out a few different hats, he arranged them on his head, and cast a sleeping spell on the manager, and then put the manager in the little office in the back, and closed the door.  The problem with Hubert is that he has only half of his magic, that means the spell would only partly work.  In theory that means that a 30 minute sleep spell might only work for 15 minutes before having to be recast.  So then Hubert waited for John.  Only John didn’t come within the time he was expected and Hubert had to recast the spell several times, before John entered.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes – Having to recast the sleep spell many times could possibly be in the game. Where the player doesn’t know how long it will take, or how many times they can have Hubert cast the spell.

Could also have Hubert conjure up a store out of thin air, but then maybe only part of it would exist.  He could also cast that spell several times to see what parts do exist, and finally find one where he could still sell a candy bar, even though part of the store was gone, or didn’t work properly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

John finally did come into the store, bought his Wonkybar and left, and then opened it as he was walking away.  Hubert then returned to Enchanted Lands.  When John opened the candy bar, he noticed a silver “ticket” which read “This entitles the bearer to one Benny Wonky Chocolate Bar and (in the fine print, entrance into the Sunny Nexus of Worlds to visit the only real live Magic Kingdom, Enchanted Lands Magical Resort).  After flipping the ticket over, it read “Please say the words aloud: Please take me to Enchanted Lands Magical Resort”.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes:  We could have the ticket read something different every time John pulls it out.  Maybe even every time her turns it over.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As soon as he did this, a portal opened in front of him, into what looked to be the inside of a train car.  He walks in, and then the portal closes behind him.  Conductor comes up to him and tells him to take a seat, which he promptly does, while observing everything going on around him.  Just then he sees a small round little man, jump out of the seat in front of him, go the front of the car, and put a device on the wall and then returned to his seat.  The car started shaking violently.  And then stopped.  Then it started to tilt forward, as people started falling out of their seats.  The short little man then ran over to another seat up front, sprinkle some kind of dust that sparkled, and then slung a beautiful woman over his shoulder, as small as he seemed.  He then carried her over to the car’s door, and opened it, and jumped.  This was the last thing John saw before he blacked out.

When John came to, he noticed he was lying on the ground in a forest full of trees without leaves, sort of like Winter, but realized the air was a bit warm.  Just then a man with a pointy hat, approached him and helped him to his feet.  John looked around to notice that there was junk everywhere and people were waking up and stumbling just like he was, and observed the “junk” was really just debris from the “train” he was riding.

“Where Am I?” asked John.  The Man with the pointy hat and beard, said “Welcome to Enchanted Lands.” “Enchanted Lands?” asked John.  “Yes.  You’ve no doubt heard about “other” magic kingdom?”  “You mean Dis-” “Uhh yes… that one.  Well this is a *real* magic kingdom!”  “Well it doesn’t look very magic to me, What happened here?”  “You were on one of our famous “Flying Trains” and somehow it crashed.  Only dark magic can do something like that.  Why you know in all my years of being here, not one flying train was ever late, ever crashed, or ever had a problem? Until now.”  “Umm what exactly is here?”  “I just told you, magic kingdom.”  “Right, right.  So, umm, why am I here?”  “I need your help.” “You need my help?” “Enchanted Lands has closed for the most part, and I have no idea why.”  “Enchanted Lands has closed for the most part, and you have no idea why?”   “Would you quit repeating everything I’m saying as a question?”  “Would I quit…” “Enough!  I need some help in determining why things are going so poorly.”  “Did you just use magic, and can’t you just change it with that?”  “For one thing, I only have half of my own magic, and it’s a long story, so I won’t bother you with the details.  Secondly I don’t really want my enemies to know what I’m doing until I actually do it.”  “Why me?” “You, my boy, are the perfect candidate, live with your Mom, no girlfriend, into books all the time, no regular friends, I couldn’t have chosen a more perfect candidate.”  “Uhh I have friends. I don’t read books ALL the time.”  Hubert then proceeds to tell him why he’s perfect for the job, and eventually John relents.  John then relates all of the events that happened to him when he got there.  When he came to the Princess whom he just thought was a beautiful woman, Hubert realized she was the Princess from Verdance scheduled to make a speech at Princess Prep.

“That must be Princess Karin from Verdance”, said Hubert, “I think we need to find her first, as they thought her important enough to kidnap.”  “I’ll get right on that, chief.”  “No doubt to help ME, correct?” “Yeah sure, to help you.”  Hubert then sends John over to Knight School and Princess Prep to get some answers.  First thing John does is find a way to get onto the school grounds.  By observing the guards and various Knights and others going in and out, he devises his way in.  At the entrance to the grounds, are two armored guards arguing with each other, but standing in place.  There are various souvenir stands and food carts around the entrance. As John approaches the guards, their swords come down to block hit path.  He uses his skills to gain entrance to the grounds.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So at this point there are two ways in, one being you have to get the guards to do something to let you in.  John finds out the guards aren’t really guards at all, but a couple of parrots on their perches with armor and holding swords.  The only way to get them to shed their armor is by offering them chocolate, and you can only figure this out by listening to their conversation and talking to them.  The second way is to fake a badge and a suit of armor by watching knights go in and out, with their badges.  You might also get the parrots to tell you a bit about the badges.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The “grounds” consist of the barracks which are in several tents.  There’s a jousting arena.  A man-to-man combat arena.  The “mess” tent (where food is served).  Several tents for various disciplines, like maiden saving.  Dragon slaying.  There’s the main tent, where you “enroll” in Knight School.  Inside in front of the main tent is a bare patch of ground, where several groups of “students” loiter about.  Several Knights are walking around.  Even the various cliques like those formed in school are on display.  There are a few, what looks to be princesses.  Admiring the “Jock” Knights as they flex and brag.  They tend to have giant letters on the back of their armor.  There are some “Geek” Knights, with their high tech abacuses, some wearing taped up glasses over their helmets, and some wearing pocket protectors on their armor.  All wearing armor.  Then you’re going to have the “Babe” Knights.  Wearing pastel colored armor, and gossiping.  Some Knights are sparring but seem to be actually inflicting damage on each other.  Not very welcoming for tourists, but then again you don’t think you see any.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Possible information that John can gather.  Why the all the other schools are closed, except for this.  Are they actually training for real?  John can ask about Princess Karin.  They say she hasn’t shown up, but that it’s ok because the school is closed.  He may ask the few princesses there, how to get into Princess Prep, even though it’s closed.  He can ask about the dragons, and why they seem to be attacking villages.  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After asking around, John finds out, the schools were closed one day and the only explanation given is “refurbishment”.  Knight School was left open so they could actually train the military, and since there didn’t seem to be many tourists around, they decided to train them with real weapons, and real fighting.  He also learned one day the dragons started acting evil, and it was no longer safe to be around them.  He also learned that Princess Karin was due to speak at Princess Prep but, hasn’t shown up yet, but it doesn’t matter anyway because the school is closed.  He learns Princess Prep and Wizard U are both closed.  Fairy Godcollege is probably open, but they’re not letting anyone in, or anyone leave.  John manages to find a way into Princess Prep.  Once inside, he manages to make his way to the Headmistresses office, where after looking on her desk, finds a piece of paper, with the words “Princess Karin of Verdance Itenerary”.  After looking at the list, the first thing he notices at the top is an item stating that she was supposed to go to the Grand Enchanted Landian hotel after she lands.  John then starts hearing muffled sounds in the room.  He still can’t see what it is, as the room looks fairly normal, there are two identical plants in each corner behind the headmistresses desk.  After examining the plants a bit more, one of the plants seems to have wrapped it’s leaves around something, with a little effort he manages to pull off the plants to reveal the headmistress.  After being freed she tells John that a woman entered her office and then cast a spell on one of the plants, which managed to wrap it’s leaves around her, and wouldn’t let her go, but from what she could see, the woman opened her desk, pulled out the Princess’ itinerary, along with Hotel tickets, and a badge, and various other odds and ends, and then left her here to suffocate.  John notices the tickets are gone.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
At some point the Count wants to find a mate.  The headmistress of princess prep, might have some materials about vampires as she finds them intriguing.  Maybe she reads vampire romance novels.  Maybe she’s actually studied them and has books about them.  So John will somehow be able to introduce her to the Count.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After finding this information, John goes to rendezvous with Hubert.  Meanwhile, Hubert heads to
Wizard U.  which seems deserted.  The doors are locked, and the windows are shuttered.  Looking around he notices a small hole in one of the walls.  At first he doesn’t think much of it, but then notices something in the entrance of the hole.  It happens to be a mouse, but not just any mouse, a mouse-wizard.  The reason Hubert recognizes the mouse as a Wizard because of the tiny wizard robe and pointy hat the mouse is wearing.  Getting down on his hands and knees, he introduces himself.  “Good afternoon, dear mouse-wizard.” “Good afternoon sir.”, says the young mouse-wizard.  “Are you a good wizard?”  “Well I’m actually a tourist, but I was getting good with my magic wand, until I lost it.”  “I have a problem that you may be able to solve, would you help me if I found your wand?”  “Yes indeed.”  With that Hubert combed the grounds for the wand.  At last he ended up back near the mouse’s hole with empty hands.  “I’ve searched every bit of the grounds, and found nothing of a wand.  Where did you see it last?”  “Well, I was trying to cast a spell to levitate a piece of cheese from the ice box, and I was thumbing through the Wizard’s basic training manual, trying to find the words to levitate.  And I had then, let me see, I needed both paws to turn the pages, and…”  Just then Hubert noticed a little tiny wand in the mouses little tiny ear, and pulled it out.  “...and put it behind your ear!”  Then handed it back.  “Oh thank you, sir Wizard.  Now what is it that you want?”  “I need to get into the school here, and find out why they closed it.”  “Okay let me look here and I’ll find the spell.”  So with that he went back into the hole, and a few minutes later, he said, “This should do it”, and then pointed the wand at him, said a few words, and just then Hubert shrank to the wizard-mouses size.

“I didn’t think of that.”, said Hubert, “but now the only question is whether or not you can restore me to regular size.” “But of course, I can just reverse the words.”  With that as soon as Hubert was on the other side of the wall he restored is original size.  While in Wizard U, Hubert went to the trophy case, and noticed it was broken, and one of the “trophies” a quicksilver scepter was missing.  Then he went to the “Hall of Fame” which was an actual hallway with pictures of previous winners of “Wizard of the Year.”  He noticed Max’s picture was gone.  So putting 2 and 2 together he realized that Max had somehow came back into Enchanted Lands.  After examining the other portraits he noticed, they seemed to have surprised expressions, as if they had been trapped in the paintings.  So he figured they closed it because Max had somehow trapped the wizards in their own hall-of-fame paintings.  Afterwards he came back to the wizard-mouse and asked him his name.  “Deepacheap”.  “Umm that sounds like someone else I know…”  “I have a cousin in Na…” “Stop right there, we don’t want to get in legal trouble.”  “Please turn me back once I’m outside again”.  “With pleasure”.  And with that, ‘Deepacheap’ the mouse-wizard, restored him outside.

He then travels to Fairy Godcollege.  At Fairy Godcollege he tries to go into the front door only to be stopped by some invisible shield.  It must be magic, so he needs to find a way to break it.  After going around to the back, he notices he can see a little into a window, and notices several old ladies, attempting to jump astride their brooms, and most not making it with a most ungraceful landing.  He notices a teacher he recognizes, and tries to gesture for her to come to the window.  While looking around she quickly and quietly runs to the window and opens it a little way.  “Hubert, you shouldn’t be here!”  “I’m starting to get the idea, what’s going on?”  “All the little old ladies who wished to become Fairy Godmothers are now forced into learning to be evil witches.”  “Forced by whom?” “You should know her, you asked her to marry you, instead of me.”  “Violet?”  “She’s here?!” “Yes, and she’s taken over the school, putting these poor little old ladies through the ringer.  Something about an army.  I don’t know how they would fit in, though.”  “You stay put, I need to figure some things out.”  Hubert left, and went to the Rendezvous point.

It just so happens, to be Scarborough Faire Chicken. “Chicken, we doth righteously.”  So John told Hubert, where they need to start looking for Karin and Hubert told John about who Max is and that he’s back.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So the hotel and tickets aren’t an actual clue, it’s just a place for the heroes to start their search for the Princess.  So they call up Hubert’s old friend, The Count, and he turns into a bat to try to explore the hotel.  He finds a woman who claims to be the Princess at the Princess’ hotel room.  There’s something in there that let’s us know that it isn’t her, and a clue to her whereabouts.  Maybe you have to follow her down to the wine cellar.  Maybe she likes wine a little too much. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hubert decides he needs to call an old friend, finding the nearest magic mirror, he puts in a “call”, and what appears on the mirror is what looks like Dracula, in a sort of goofy lovable way.  “Hubert, how good of you to call!  We haven’t talked in ages, what’s going on?”  Hubert then proceeded to tell him the whole story about the kidnapping, and about Max coming back.  “Count, I need a favor, I need you to turn into a bat and explore the Grand Enchanted Landian for any signs of Princess Karin.  “Anything for you, my old friend.”  With that The Count did indeed turn into a bat, with a flash of smoke, he was off toward the hotel.  Flying around the windows, he notices one that’s cracked open with a woman dressed in what appears to be royal garb.  She starts to pull the dress over her head, but walks into the bathroom and closes the door before the Count can get a better look.  With that he flies into the room and looks around.  He notices the Princess’ hotel tickets, but something doesn’t seem right.  Then he goes back out of the window and hovers nearby.  When she finally emerges from the bathroom, she has a robe on and is drying her hair with a towel.  She goes to the mirror, and the Count recognizes it as another magic mirror, and she taps it, as it turns on, another unknown woman appears, and they start to chat.  Most of it is rumor or gossip, but then she starts talking about how some dark haired sorcerer approached her, and paid her to, use the Princess’ room and to pretend to be the princess.  “They don’t think I know, but I’ve seen where they’re keeping the real Princess.”  She then pours herself a glass of wine, from a bottle that seems to be almost empty.  “Have you seen her?  What does she look like?”  “She looks like an average girl, I honestly don’t know why they would want to keep her.  In any case, I’m having fun.”  She attempted to pour herself another glass, but nothing was in it.  “Oh dear, I drank all my wine, I need to go and get some more.  I’ll talk to you later Mabel.”  With that she left the room, and then came back with another bottle.  Not wanting to have to wait until she finished all of the new bottle, the Count flew in, and knocked the bottle over, causing all the wine to spill.  “Oh pooh, now I must go back down and get another bottle.”  She started to leave once again this time the Count followed her, without being detected.  When she entered the wine cellar she went strait over to the giant casks, and the Count couldn’t help but notice what he assumed to be the princess, chained up to a wine cask. 

The count returned later, to SFC to bring back the news.  “Well boys, it looks like our beloved Princess Karin of Verdance, is actually chained to a wine cask in the cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian.  I couldn’t do much more than look as a bat, but as a man, I’m just as fit as the rest of you!”  “Why don’t we just bust in there and go down and free her?” exclaims John.  “They won’t let anyone down there, so we have to be a little bit sneaky, and need to come up with a plan.”

After getting Kidnapped, Princess Karin, woke up tied to a giant wine cask, in what appeared to be a standard wine cellar.  Technically, the rope was tied to the cradle, as there really wasn’t a way of wrapping the giant cask.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Originally her people had a way to imbue non-magical people with magic, but that would not make sense given, she could just use magic to help Hubert, or extricate herself from some difficult situation.  So in order to not be too powerful, and since she is a Princess, they’ve actually kidnapped her to hold her for ransom later, because her realm found out a way of purifying quicksilver to 85-90% whereas people in the Lands were only capable of about 70% purity.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Looking around in the dimly lit cellar, she noticed more giant casks, and rows of cases full of wine bottles, as you would expect from a wine cellar.  She tried the obvious first, trying to get free of the ropes, but they were too tight for her to find any purchase.  So, she tried the next thing which was screaming for help.  After a while she got tired of screaming, and just sat there to think.  She noticed, a hole in the wall opposite to herself.  Soon a couple of tiny eyes appeared in the hole.  She started to talk to it.  “Hello there?”  The eyes only continued to stare.  “You can come out if you want.  See? I’m all tied up, I can’t hurt you.”  Just then a nose poked out, and then another pair of eyes appeared beside.  “Come on, I need someone to talk to.”  The one mouse was now almost completely out of the hole.  “That’s it, I won’t hurt you.”  As it approached her, it cocked it’s head to one side.  “Can you talk, or at least understand me?”  “Of course I can talk.  I am a citizen of Enchanted Lands, after all.”  “Oh good.  Do you think you could find a way to free me?”  “I don’t know about that.  My Mum always told me not to trust things many times larger than myself.”  “I wouldn’t hurt you.  In fact, I’m hurt right now, these ropes are chafing somewhat fiercely.”  “How do I know you won’t gobble me up, as soon as I free you?”  “I’m Princess Karin Elspeth from the realm of Verdance.  Which means I am royalty, and as such I do NOT lie.  If I say I won’t harm you, I won’t harm you.  Besides I need to get out of here because they want to ransom me for a new way to process quicksilver, which my people have developed.  Otherwise they might get rid of me.”  Still a little nervous, the mouse approaches cautiously and starts examining the rope around her hand.  He then starts to nibble, as she giggles, saying “That tickles”.  Knowing it’s a bit tough to chew through, he backs off.  “Nope, that’s a little too hard for me.”  Then she, thinking quickly, replies “I thought you mice could chew through anything.  I was talking to the mice in the Castle, and they said they can chew through rope like nobody’s business and that everyone else are just amateurs.”  “They did, did they, well I’ll show you.”  Just then he squeaked a bit, and then more squeaks came from the hole in the wall, and soon, there were tons of mice pouring out, so much so, that Karin almost had no room to move.  They were suddenly on the ropes and chewing through it in no time.  When she was finally free. She picked up the mouse that initially talked to her, and she asked him “What is your name, dear mouse.”  “My name is Finley, at your service, and I bet I showed you, who could chew the fastest.”  “That Finley is an understatement.”   She then kissed him on the cheek and put him back down.  “Now I must go and see if I can get out of here.”  They all started waving good bye and saying “bye” as they all filed back into the mouse hole until she was left by herself.

Making her way up the stairs, and looking out the window on the door she notices a large kitchen, but currently only one cook working in it.  She tries the door while carefully keeping an eye on the cook, but the door is locked.  She then goes back down the stairs and starts exploring the wine cellar.  Going past rows of wine bottles stacked on the multiple shelves, she makes her way to the back. And she notices a few tables. One containing a cheese wheel, with part of it cut.  A knife sticking out of the cut wedge of cheese.  And another containing a couple of wine glasses that looks like they’ve been recently drunk out of.  Behind the tables on the wall is a dumbwaiter.  Figuring there’s no other way to get out she hopes the dumbwaiter will be called up at some point, and so she hides inside it, crouching because the area is small.  Luckily she’s petite, and is able to squat in the dumbwaiter without much trouble.  She pulls her cloak around her, hoping that it will help camouflage her from anyone peering in.  After waiting for a few tense moments, she begins to hear a faint humming and whirring sound, as the dumbwaiter starts to ascend.  After a moment, the dumbwaiter comes to a halt, and she overhears the cook, arguing with someone else.  “These modern villains, don’t know how to be polite, always demand what they want, when they want it, without regards to anyone else’s feelings.” “They have a lot of work to do and they need nourishment, without a lot of backtalk from the help.”  She begins muttering to herself as sounds of tinkling glasses and plates, and other sounds, can be heard from the outside of the dumbwaiter, as the cook prepares some food.  Eventually the cook opens the door partway, as the Princess hears the other voice “Hurry up, cook, they need it now, quit dragging your feet!.” “Alright, alright, and she slides the tray in not noticing the Princess is there… but then takes a second look because it doesn’t look right, after a moment, the cook isn’t sure what she’s looking at and then she shakes her head, and closes the dumbwaiter door, before the Princess feels it start to move again.  When it hits the second floor, someone, opens the door, grabs the tray apparently not noticing the dark green shadow in the back, and then slides the door closed.  Karin waits for the sounds of footsteps to fade out, before she peeks out of the door, and when the coast is clear, she climbs out, and then into a hallway where apparently the guest rooms are located.  She starts exploring to see if there’s a way out, and then opens a door to a room, where there are maps and charts on the walls, and a table with blueprints, and various other papers.  After examining, she notices the blueprints look to be for a giant machine, and one of the maps is of the castle grounds, and, a large terrace, where there’s a “x” on the map.  After reexamining the blueprint of the machine, she notice it says “Omni-Gate official blueprint copy. ” 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The Omni-Gate hints at opening portals to all realms.  There should probably be some sort of technical notations, to indicate how it works, and maybe the heroes find a way to get the plans.  Maybe these plans are just a copy, so that they can still continue the work.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

She grabs the blueprint, and stuffs it in her cloak and then continues to rifle through a few more papers.  After going through the papers, she grabs a bunch of important looking ones, and then also stuffs them in her cloak, and then she leaves, to continue to find a way out.  Going down the hallway, she starts to go down a staircase that presumably leads to the lobby until she starts hearing voices, and she then starts going back up.  She notices a hamper on the other side of the hallway and dives in.  As she lifts the lid slightly and peeks out, she notices, a squat fat little man in green, walking in front of two armored guards, and he seems to be carrying something in his fist.  Just then two other guards come out into the hallway from the stairs, and the little man says “Did you see the Princess come down here?”  “No sir” said one of the guards.  “I know she was here because she escaped from the wine cellar, and it was also reported that one of the blueprint copies and a few vital papers were taken from the operations rom.  She must be here somewhere, you guys start searching the rooms.  I will check the staircase.  It was done rather quickly and the guards were back.  “We didn’t find anyone in any of the rooms.”  “Well, she must still be here, because you would have spotted her. And if she went out the lobby or through the kitchen, she would have been spotted by the desk clerk and the cook.  Okay then.”  Just then he held up his fist.  “I have your little friend here, Princess.  Give yourself up if you don’t want any harm to come to him.”  Karin recognized Finley the mouse that helped her get out of the ropes.  Slowly she lifted the lid and got out.  “Search her.” instructs Barty to the guards. When the guard starts to get close she says “Surely, a gentleman would NEVER search a lady!  Especially not royalty!”  The guard hesitates and then Barty exclaims “Oh very well, let’s take her down to the cook, we’ll have the cook search her.”  The march her down to the kitchen and instructs the Cook to search her for important papers.  As the cook starts searching Karin, she whispers, "Hand me the papers, and I'll get them back to you somehow." The princess then whispers back, "in my sleeve" and then the cook produces the papers, hands them to Barty, and the guards march her back down to the wine cellar.  Barty hands the papers to one of the other guards, who just so happens to have been friendly to the cook. Barty says "Make sure you put the papers back into the map room" before leaving. Just before the Guard leaves, the cook mentions "I wonder if you would mind tasting this fresh batch of cookies." Gesturing to a plate on the counter with fresh baked cookies. "Don't mind if I do" he says. She then takes the papers, and he balks at first, and then she says "I'll just put these over there, and she places them a little bit away beside some other papers. When he's done and compliments her, she hands him different papers. Before he realizes he doesn't have the real papers, the cook grabs a covered tray heads down toward the cellar, and convinces the guard there, that she's just going to feed the Princess. When she's in close proximity she hands the princess the papers.  After the Princess is done eating, they exchange glances and the cook goes back up to the Kitchen.

A few minutes later, a woman that vaguely resembles the princess comes down the stairs, and looks for some more wine.  After finding a bottle she likes, she pulls out a corkscrew and pops the cork, she then puts the corkscrew down on one of the tables, and heads back up stairs.  Little does anyone know that the Count is lurking in the shadows, watching everything happen.

When the count returns to SFC, the boys decide to make a plan.  “She’s in the wine cellar, chained to a wine cask.  Both staircases are guarded.  They’re not accepting any new guests, and I found out where the hotel tickets went.  They have some poor girl pretending to be the Princess.  She spends her day gossiping and drinking herself to sleep.  I think the cook is sympathetic toward the Princess and I must say she’s quite fetching.  The servants’ entrance to the kitchen is also guarded.  There’s hardly no one in the rooms except for the fake princess, and I think they’re using  a couple of rooms as a base of operations, but I was focused on finding the Princess.”  The first thing they did was get some suitable disguises for delivery drivers, from The Count that happened to have some lying around at his motel.  They walked to the Grand Enchanted Landian, and went to the side door, when two guards stopped them.  I think I will attempt a conjuring spell to conjure up a wagon laden with foodstuffs!  Pulling out several hats from his bag, Hubert put them on in a particular order and then he began to sparkle.  After wiggling his fingers at the guards, he began to converse with them. “Food delivery.”  “With what?”  When Hubert looked back, he noticed there was nothing there.  John then also looked and also saw nothing. “Where is it?” he whispered.  “Well, I have only half of my magic, who knows how it’s going to manifest.”  The guards looked back at them and said “Sorry, you can leave now.”, but when the guards looked up, towering above them was a huge wagon, pulled by a dragon. “Uhh, where did that come from?” said one guard to another.  “I don’t know, but I guess it’s ok, we need to eat, don’t we?”  “I guess so”.  After opening the door, they came to the cook.  “I wasn’t expec…”, the cook cut off mid-sentence, as John nodded toward the wine cellar. “Uhh yes, special delivery, we know the Princess, likes her wine!” “Oh, of course, can’t let the Princess go dry, now can we?  This way boys.”  As she led them down to the wine cellar door.  One of the guards commented, “We can’t let you go in there, it’s off limits, even to delivery.”  “Hmm yes well, I guess…” “I guess they can put the wine in here, while you guys go back out there and guard us.  That IS your job, isn’t it?”  “Yes, I guess so, but you musn’t let him near the cellar!”  “Alright, alright, off with you.”  As they approached the cellar door the cook mentions “They locked the door, and wouldn’t give me back the key.”  “It’s alright, we’ll find a way in.  Let’s see another spell, this time to unlock the door?”  After putting on some different hats, he started to sparkle again and wiggled his fingers toward the door, just then he heard a click and a woosh as if air was being pushed out.  When he looked over to the opposite wall to see a fine layer of dust around a simple broom closet.  “Aha” as he went over to it, and then pressed on the back, and eventually found the latch, which opened the back of the closet into a small narrow hallway, running the length of the kitchen.  As they followed it to the right they came to some stairs, and then went down the stairs, until it dead ended, where they found another door, with a slit in it at eye level, when they looked out, they noticed someone that looked a bit similar to the princess, but a little tipsy with a bottle in her hand, she had just popped the cork and laid the corkscrew down, as she drunkenly meandered back towards the stairway.  When she was gone, they opened the door, into the little alcove with the tables, and the cheese wheel and the empty wine glasses.  Making their way towards the stairs, they stopped short of noticing the guard, along with the Princess!  “Let’s see what kind of spell can I use on him?”  “So far your spells have backfired, but we’ve had luck on our side, better not tempt fate.  Besides, I think we could come up with a simpler solution.”  With that John grabbed the heaviest bottle he could hold in one hand, and sneaked up on the guard, just when he was looking away, John clocked him over the head and he went down into a crumpled heap.  The Princess recognizing Hubert and also somewhat recognizing John from the train before she blacked out, started to speak when John put his finger over his pursed lips, as she looked up and then quieted down.  “I think I can help her get out of the shackles with another spell, plus this isn’t dependent on our stealth so I think we’re safe.”  With that and a few more hats, he had succeeded in opening one of the shackles.  While the other was still wrapped around her wrist.  Realizing they would need something to pick the lock, John ran back to the alcove and grabbed the knife and the corkscrew and set about to pick the lock, with some determination and some grunting, the shackle opened, and she was free.  As they made their way down the secret passage and back to the kitchen, they gathered before the side door, only to realize the guards were still out there looking at the cart illusion.  Wondering what they were going to do, to get out, just then out of the sky came a bat, “attacking” the guards, as the guards started protecting themselves and swinging their swords, everyone inside the kitchen got out, including the cook!  As they took off toward the “Renaissance Faire” (nicknamed Orthogon Alley).  Eventually the bat followed them and just before entering into Scarborough Faire Chicken, The count turned back into a man.  When the cook saw him, she seemed a bit impressed as the Count introduced himself charmingly to her.

“Hello again, Hubert!”  “I’m glad you’re alright, Highness.” “And who is our fine young friend here?” “Hi, umm, highness? I’m just plain old John Thomas, from Earth, I mean, I guess you call our realm ‘Cerulea’”  “Thank your for the rescue, John Thomas, I am Princess Karin Elspeth from the realm of Verdence.”  “Well, we all helped.  Oh, wait, I saw you on that flying train thing, when that horrible little man put you over his shoulder and jumped out.”  “Yes, that was the King of the Gnomes, and,”, then turning to Hubert “Our old friend Max is back.”  “Hmm yes, I suspected something of that nature. It explains many things.”  She hands the papers she found to Hubert who examines them for a bit.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A man from our realm, a Princess from another, are brought into a real magic kingdom turned tourist resort, by a good wizard, to help bring it back from the brink of bankruptcy and to stop a previously banished evil sorcerer from taking over all the realms connected to it!

Enchanted Lands, a real magic kingdom, is turned into a tourist resort.  It’s fallen on hard times, where everything is closed up and tourists and citizens alike have started disappearing.  A princess from another realm is kidnapped, and Hubert, the friend and advisor to the King, has brought in John from our realm to help figure out what’s going on.  Hubert sends John over to Knight School and Princess Prep where he learns the Princess was set to speak at the school but she hasn’t shown up, and that it doesn’t matter anyway since the school is closed.  Knight School started training with real weapons.  Dragons are terrorizing small villages.  While inside Princess Prep John figures out the princess was supposed to check in at the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.  Hubert himself sneaks into Wizard University and finds the Wizard Professors have all been trapped in their own “Hall Of Fame” paintings, except for one, that’s missing.  Hubert realizes that this was Maximilian Spell’s own painting, and realizes he must have somehow gotten back into the lands.  After checking out Fairy Godcollege, he talks to a teacher he knows, who informs him, that Violet Moonshadow is also back, and has forced all the old ladies who wanted to be Fairy Godmothers for their vacations, into becoming evil witches.  When they rendezvous, they decide they need to find the princess, and their first lead is the hotel.  Hubert calls his old friend The Count, who’s a misunderstood vampire, to turn into a bat and to see if he can spot any trace of the Princess.  The Princess manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice that live in the Hotel, and then she tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs, when she stumbles upon a room with some maps and plans, and things, which she promptly takes, but then is recaptured.  When the Count comes back and tells him where she is, Hubert and John go and rescue her, where she shows him the plans.

Once upon a time, there was a real-life magic kingdom.  The kingdom wasn’t doing so well financially.  Taxes were at an all-time high.  Most of the taverns and inns were run down.  People had very little to eat, and the economy tanked.  Then one day a wizard named Hubert, who happened to be the King’s advisor and very close friend, decided, they needed some way to generate an income, and that way was “tourism”!  The King was skeptical at first, but then as Hubert mentioned the many tourists resorts in different realms and how they all were doing, the King thought a bit about it, and decided it was a good idea.  So they set about turning the kingdom into the “Enchanted Lands Tourist Resort.”  All was doing well until an evil sorcerer by the name of “Maximilian Spell” started kidnapping tourists, and eventually was caught enslaving them to mine quicksilver, because he had plans to build a machine that would open portals to any realm, so he could conquer them.  But before he could execute his plans to build the machine, he was caught and banished.

A real life magic kingdom, turned tourist resort, has fallen on hard times.  A majority of the shops and taverns and inns have close down.  Most of the hotels are closed, except for two.  Dragons have taken to terrorizing small villages, and tourists seem to be disappearing.  Hubert, the King’s closest friend confidant and advisor, decides to bring in a person from our realm, to help him figure out what’s going on.  There are rumors a previously banished madman, has returned.  He brings in a person from our realm (they call it Cerulea), who’s name is John.  John steps through the portal by possessing a ticket that is embedded with quicksilver, a magical mineral that runs Enchanted Lands.  On the other side of a portal he’s in what appears to be a train car, just when a small fat little man kidnaps a beautiful young woman.  Hubert and John decide they need to find the princess as she was important enough to kidnap. Hubert sends him over to the Knight School and Princess Prep to determine what’s going on.  Where he learns that the Princess

---
Max wants to conquer all the realms by opening all the portals, and sending vast armies through. Armies are composed of, evil witches and wizards, dragons (under an enchantment to make them evil), werewolves, kidnapped tourists that are under the spell of enthrallment, men under the leadership of Max, as knights and guards, and other various creatures.

He's building a machine, that uses massive amounts of quicksilver. He's enslaved tourists, and citizens alike, to work his quicksilver mines.  Had the gnomes hold the dwarves hostage in the the gnome kingdom which adjoins the dwarf mines.
---
Going to have Hubert also get some maps he has stored in Wizard U when he breaks in.
Roland has to somehow find his father in the mines, before the princess is rescued.
---

Enchanted Lands, a real magic kingdom, is turned into a tourist resort.  
It’s fallen on hard times, where everything is closed up.  
Tourists and citizens alike have started disappearing.  
Hubert, friend and advisor to the King, brings in John from our realm to help.
A princess from another realm is kidnapped
Hubert sends John over to Knight School and Princess Prep.  
John learns that a Princess was set to speak at the school but hasn’t shown up.
Princess Prep is already closed.  
Knight School started training with real weapons.  
Dragons are terrorizing small villages.  
Inside Princess Prep John learns the princess was to go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.  
Hubert himself sneaks into Wizard U.
He finds the Wizard Professors have all been trapped in their own “Hall Of Fame” paintings.
One painting is missing which Hubert realizes was Maximilian Spell’s own painting.
Hubert Realizes he must have somehow gotten back into the lands.  
He checks out Fairy Godcollege.
Hubert talks to a teacher he knows, who informs him, Violet Moonshadow is also back.
Violet has forced all the would-be Fairy Godmothers to train as evil witches.  
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken.
They decide they need to find the princess, and their first lead is the hotel.  
Hubert calls his old friend, The Count, to turn into a bat and spy out any trace of the Princess.  
The Princess manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice. 
She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and things, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  
The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.
Hubert and John go and rescue her. where she shows him the papers.
After reviewing the papers, they formulate a plan.
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert then finds the dwarves secret magic focusing disc.
Hubert uses magic to get to the castle in the clouds.
Roland and John go into the dwarf mines.
Roland finds the secret door, and gains entrance into the gnome kingdom.
Max finishes the Omni-Gate and is ready to test it.
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her.
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are captured by the Gnomes.
Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.
The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.
The Gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.
Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.
Hubert pops out.
Disoriented by the explosion the gnome guards are easily overpowered.
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.
Hubert shouts for everyone to head back to The Renaissance Faire.
Hubert sends John to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.
Hubert himself goes to Fairy Godcollege now with full magic and breaks the magic shield.
Hubert then lets out all the would-be Fairy Godmothers, and convinces them to help him.
John goes back into the Knight School with Sir William.
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training have a lot of respect for Sir William.
Sir William then tells them what’s happening and gets their help.
They all rendezvous back at Scarborough Faire Chicken.
The gang including John, the Princess, and Hubert are sitting around a table in SFC.
The place is full of people, citizens and tourists alike.
The people spill out to the streets, which also includes giants, dragons, and other creatures.
Hubert begins to speak to the crowd.
Meanwhile, in the castle at the Omni-Gate, Max has his technicians activate the machine.
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.
Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
He orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping but with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is just gone.
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.
As the battle comes to a close.  The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.
Eventually all that’s left is the cleanup.
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing. 
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

Plot outline revision 2:

Enchanted Lands, a real magic kingdom turned tourist resort has closed.
Tourists and citizens alike have started disappearing.  
Hubert, friend and advisor to the King, brings in John from our realm to help.
A princess from another realm is kidnapped, while John helplessly watches.
Hubert sends John over to Knight School and Princess Prep.  
Roland the Oversize Dwarf decides to return to the Dwarf mines, one last time.
Before Roland can enter the mines, an older dwarf stumbles out, obviously weak with fatigue.
Roland asks about his Dad, the the old dwarf, says that he’s in the gnome Kingdom.’
At Knight School, John asks around about what’s going on.
He learns a Princess was set to speak at Princess Prep but didn’t show up before it closed.
John also finds out that Knight School started training with real weapons.  
John is also learning dragons are terrorizing small villages.  
John sneaks into Princess Prep.
Inside Princess Prep John learns the princess was to go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.  
Hubert himself sneaks into Wizard U.
He finds the Wizard Professors have all been trapped in their own “Hall Of Fame” paintings.
One painting is missing which Hubert realizes was Maximilian Spell’s own painting.
Hubert Realizes Max must have somehow gotten back into the lands.
Roland manages to sneak into the Dwarf mines, a vast network of well maintained caves.
Roland then remembers, there’s a secret entrance to the Gnome kingdom.
After going around one tunnel to the next, he finally happens upon a secret door, and goes in.
Hubert peeks into the window of Fairy Godcollege only to be met by an old acquaintance.
This old acquaintance is a teacher Hubert knows, who informs him, Violet Moonshadow is also back.
Violet has forced all the would-be Fairy Godmothers to train as evil witches.
In the gnome kingdom Roland sees that there are tons of people, not just gnomes, working the mines.
After travelling some time, he finally spots a giant, working an ore smelting plant.
As he approaches, he notices the giant is chained up.
Roland asks the Giant if he’s his father.
The Giant, also named Roland, confirms it.
They start talking about the gnome mines, and what they’re doing.
Roland Sr. tells Jr. that this bad guy named Max needs a whole lot of quicksilver.
And he also says if Jr. wants to help, he needs to contact Hubert and tell him of the conditions here.
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
They decide they need to find the princess, and their first lead is the hotel.  
Hubert calls his old friend, The Count, to turn into a bat and spy out any trace of the Princess.  
The Princess manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice. 
She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and things, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  
The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.
Hubert and John go and rescue her, and arrive back at SFC.
Roland arrives at SFC and meets Hubert and John.
Roland tells them that there are slaves working Max’s quicksilver mines in the Gnome Kingdom.
After reviewing the papers, they formulate a plan.
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert then finds the dwarves secret magic focusing disc.
Hubert uses magic to get to the castle in the clouds.
Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.
Max finishes the Omni-Gate and is ready to test it.
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her.
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are captured by the Gnomes.
Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.
The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.
The Gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.
Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.
Hubert pops out.
Disoriented by the explosion the gnome guards are easily overpowered.
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.
Hubert shouts for everyone to head back to The Renaissance Faire.
Hubert sends John to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.
Hubert himself goes to Fairy Godcollege now with full magic and breaks the magic shield.
Hubert then lets out all the would-be Fairy Godmothers, and convinces them to help him.
Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.
John goes back into the Knight School with Sir William.
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training have a lot of respect for Sir William.
Sir William then tells them what’s happening and gets their help.
They all rendezvous back at Scarborough Faire Chicken.
The gang including John, the Princess, and Hubert are sitting around a table in SFC.
The place is full of people, citizens and tourists alike.
The people spill out to the streets, which also includes giants, dragons, and other creatures.
Hubert begins to speak to the crowd.
Meanwhile, in the castle at the Omni-Gate, Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.
Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
He orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping but with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is just gone.
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.
As the battle comes to a close.  The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.
Eventually all that’s left is the cleanup.
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing. 
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

Plot Revision 3:

---
Act One:
---

Enchanted Lands is a real magic kingdom, that was turned into a tourist resort.

Most hotels, restaurants, and shops have closed with a few exceptions.

The Grand Enchanted Landian is the large hotel that most tourists stay at.

The Grand Enchanted Landian is still technically open but not accepting new guests.

Many people have disappeared.

The King rules Enchanted Lands.

Hubert Halfway is a wizard with only half of his magic.

Hubert is also The King's, oldest, and closest friend, and also the King's advisor.

About the time of the resort's closing, The King stops being friendly to Hubert.

Most of Hubert's other friends are missing.

Hubert decides he needs some outside help so he goes to our realm.

Hubert gets John from our world into Enchanted Lands with the help of a quicksilver coupon.

John is a young man from our realm, that works at a library with his Mom, and has no friends or girlfriend.

John, looks at the coupon, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.

John steps through into a train cabin, when he sees a beatiful young woman.

This young woman is a princess from another realm that is kidnapped, while John helplessly watches.

The train starts to tumble, and John falls hits his head, and blacks out.

When John awakens, he seems to be in a forest without leaves.

Hubert walks over and introduces himself, and then tells him why he brought him here.

Enchanted Lands, is divided up into 5 sections, in a sort of four-leaf clover configuration.

In one half is Knight School for training Knights and Princess Prep for girls who want to be Princesses.

In the other half is Wizard Univserity so you can learn to be a Wizard, and Fairy Godcollege for Fairy Godmothers.

Hubert sends John over to Knight School and Princess Prep.  

Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant who was kicked out of the dwarf mines for being too big decides to come back.

While standing at the entrance to the dwarf mines, an old dwarf stumbles out toward him.

Roland asks about his Dad, whom he's trying to find. 

The old dwarf replies his dad is trapped in the gnome kingdom.

John is barred from entering the Knight School grounds, but devises a way in.

Inside the Knight School grounds, John asks several "Knights-in-training" what's going on.

He learns a Princess was set to speak at Princess Prep but didn’t show up before it closed.

John also finds out that Knight School started training with real weapons and dragons are terrorizing small villages.

John sneaks into Princess Prep.

Inside Princess Prep John learns the princess was to go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.

Hubert himself sneaks into Wizard U.

He finds the Wizard Professors have all been trapped in their own “Hall Of Fame” paintings.

One painting is missing, which belongs to Maximilian Spell, as Hubert deduces.

Maximilian Spell was an evil sorcerer who was banished for trying to conquer all the realms.

Hubert Realizes Max must have somehow gotten back into the lands.

Roland manages to sneak into the Dwarf mines, a vast network of well maintained caves.

Roland then remembers the secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom from the mines, and enters it.

Hubert peeks into the window of Fairy Godcollege only to be met by an old acquaintance.

This old acquaintance is a teacher Hubert knows, who informs him, Violet Moonshadow is also back.

Violet is an evil witch, and is romantically linked to, and works for Max.

Violet has forced all the would-be Fairy Godmothers to train as evil witches.

In the gnome kingdom Roland sees that there are a lot of people, not just gnomes, working the mines.

After sneaking around some time, he finally spots a giant with long chains working an ore smelter.

Roland asks the Giant if he’s his father, to which he replies he is, and that his name is also Roland.

They start talking and Roland Sr. tells Jr. that this bad guy named Max needs a whole lot of quicksilver.

He tells Jr. that he needs to contact Hubert and tell him of the conditions here.

John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.

The Renaissance Faire is the street where all the hotels, restaurants and shops are located.

Scarborough Faire Chicken (or SFC for short), is the only fast food concession open at the Faire.

They decide they need to find the princess, because she was kidnapped for a reason.

Turns out the Princess was from Verdance and was to give a speech at Princess Prep.

The Count is a misunderstood vampire and one of Hubert's oldest friends.

Hubert calls The Count, and asks him to fly to the Grand Enchanted Landian and see if the Princess is there.

The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.

She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.

She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.

The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.

---
Act Two:
---

Hubert and John go to Rescue the Princess at the Grand Enchanted Landian and arrive at a side door some guards in front.

Hubert casts a spell which doesn't work at first, but then gives the guards the illusion of a large wagon with food.

As they go in to the kitchen, find a secret passage into the wine cellar. 

John clocks the guard that's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.

They escape, with the cook, and go back to SFC.

Roland arrives at SFC and meets Hubert and John.

Roland tells them that there are slaves working Max’s quicksilver mines in the Gnome Kingdom.

After reviewing the papers, they formulate a plan.

Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.

Hubert then finds the dwarves secret magic focusing disc, and uses that to help him transport to the Castle.

Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.

Max finishes the Omni-Gate and is ready to test it.

Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her.

Roland and John locate the office in the mines.

Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.

Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.

Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.

With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.

The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.

The Gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.

Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.

There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.

When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.

Hubert pops out of the train.

Disoriented by the explosion the gnome guards are easily overpowered.

The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.

Hubert shouts for everyone to head back to The Renaissance Faire.

Hubert sends John to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.

Hubert himself goes to Fairy Godcollege now with full magic and breaks the magic shield.

Hubert then lets out all the would-be Fairy Godmothers, and convinces them to help him.

Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.

John goes back into the Knight School with Sir William.

A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.

They all agree to help our heroes.

---
Act 3:
---

Everyone rendezvous back at Scarborough Faire Chicken.

John, the Princess, and Hubert are sitting around a table.

Everyone else gathers around, and the crowd spills into the street.

Hubert begins to speak to the crowd.

Meanwhile, in the castle at the Omni-Gate, Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.

First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.

Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.

Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.

As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.

Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.

He orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.

A large battle ensues.

The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.

John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.

John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.

John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.

John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.

While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.

John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.

Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.

John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is just gone.

Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.

As the battle comes to a close.  The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.

Eventually all that’s left is the cleanup.

Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.

Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.

Hubert mentions the King is still missing.

He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.

John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.

Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.

He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

---
Plot Revision 4
---

---
Act One:
---

Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.

This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.

Many people have disappeared, including most of the friends of the wizard, and chief advisor to the King, Hubert.

Hubert gets external help by bringing in John, a young man, from our realm.

While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.

John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.

John steps through the portal into a train cabin, when he sees a beatiful young woman.

This young woman is kidnapped when the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall and black out.

John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.

Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.

Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.

Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.

Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant aproaches the entrance to the dwarf mines.

An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.

At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.

After asking around he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.

Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.

The Grand Enchanted Landian is the first stop on the Princess' tour, when John sneaks into Princess Prep.

Hubert himself sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.

Roland goes into the dwarf's extensive and well-crafted mines.

Remembering a secret entrance, Roland gets into the Gnome kingdom.

At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is forcing students to become evil witches.

Roland happens to notice all the people working the mines and finally spots a giant chained to a smelter.

The giant is Roland's dad and he tells him to find Hubert and tell him Max wants a lot of quicksilver.

John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.

Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.

Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tell him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.

The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.

She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.

She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.

The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.

*

---
Act Two:
---

Hubert and John go to Rescue the Princess at the Grand Enchanted Landian and arrive at a side door some guards in front.

Hubert casts a spell which doesn't work at first, but then gives the guards the illusion of a large wagon with food.

As they go in to the kitchen, find a secret passage into the wine cellar. 

John clocks the guard that's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.

They escape, with the cook, and go back to SFC.

Roland arrives at SFC and meets Hubert and John.

Roland tells them that there are slaves working Max’s quicksilver mines in the Gnome Kingdom.

After reviewing the papers, they formulate a plan.

Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.

Hubert then finds the dwarves secret magic focusing disc, and uses that to help him transport to the Castle.

Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.

Max finishes the Omni-Gate and is ready to test it.

Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her.

Roland and John locate the office in the mines.

Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.

Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.

Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.

With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.

The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.

The Gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.

Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.

There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.

When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.

Hubert pops out of the train.

Disoriented by the explosion the gnome guards are easily overpowered.

The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.

Hubert shouts for everyone to head back to The Renaissance Faire.

Hubert sends John to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.

Hubert himself goes to Fairy Godcollege now with full magic and breaks the magic shield.

Hubert then lets out all the would-be Fairy Godmothers, and convinces them to help him.

Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.

John goes back into the Knight School with Sir William.

A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.

They all agree to help our heroes.

---
Act 3:
---

Everyone rendezvous back at Scarborough Faire Chicken.

John, the Princess, and Hubert are sitting around a table.

Everyone else gathers around, and the crowd spills into the street.

Hubert begins to speak to the crowd.

Meanwhile, in the castle at the Omni-Gate, Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.

First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.

Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.

Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.

As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.

Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.

He orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.

A large battle ensues.

The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.

John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.

John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.

John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.

John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.

While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.

John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.

Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.

John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is just gone.

Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.

As the battle comes to a close.  The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.

Eventually all that’s left is the cleanup.

Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.

Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.

Hubert mentions the King is still missing.

He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.

John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.

Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.

He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: Princess Karin used to have a Unipony when she was a child.  Then she heard of Knight dressed up in jet black armor who hunted down all the Unicorns in her realm, so they have a special place in her heart.  She eventually hears that there’s only one left, and that the Black Knight seems to have showed up here, so she is determined to rescue it.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The four “schools” in Enchanted Lands used to be  a single school, called Enchanted Polytechnic. Each of the four buildings later became the four schools we know of today.  The Black Knight, Sir William, Max, and Hubert – all used to go to it.  Violet as well.  The Black Knight and Sir William were rivals.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: The Forgetful Forest is the local name of Lapsewood, a forest which if one lingers too long they begin to forget their way, and eventually themselves.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: I can bring back Red, who Max put in charge of the werewolf army.  When a werewolf named Kurt pretends to be a coward, in order to find a way to get in charge of the werewolves.  Makes a deal with Violet who wants Max all to herself, and Kurt manages to dispose of Red.

Addendum to the note: The leader of the wolf pack (Rottweiler) is in command of the Wolfpack (and elite army of werewolves currently under Max’s command). Red is responsible for recruiting the Wolfpack and so like the note above, Kurt manages to make a deal with Violet, stating if he disposes of Red, she will make him leader of the Wolfpack.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Zanzibar, the Great Plot Outline:

Main plot: Zanzibar the Great is a performer of magic tricks, aka a magician, in our realm.  After breaking the magician’s code, the Brotherhood of Prestidigitation, chase after him, in town he escapes in a crowd of looks to be an elderly tour group, when they escape into a portal into Enchanted Lands.  He quickly realizes he can profit here just as well as anywhere else, and better since no one knows him here.  After conning a few villages out of their limited funds, he decides he needs a big venue and creates a huge production, in order to gather people from all over the Lands, and from other realms as well.

Subplot: Little escapes Max’s notice, including Zanzibar.  When Max approaches him, Zanzibar thinks this is another person he can swindle, and attempts to do so, with some variation of three-card monte.  Zanzibar is actually successful but when Max figures it out, he sends some thugs to hunt him down, and eventually captures him, but likes his boldness so much, he offers to help Zanzibar with his big production, and even promises when Max is done, that he could possibly rule his own realm and maybe get revenge on the Brotherhood, whom he had evaded.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Zanzibar is working the Magic Palace in Las Vegas, when he reveals the Brotherhood of Prestidigitation’s greatest illusion, in a frenzy they start chasing after him, and he escapes into the city and ducks into a hotel, who happens to be hosting some sort of convention.  When there’s a group of elderly gentlemen dressed strangely, he goes in the middle, and those that are chasing him can’t find him.  The group of elderly men, walk through a door, and then it closes behind them, when he finds himself in, what looks to be, some sort of university.

PP1: After wandering around a little bit, he notices they use coins just like his world, and in fact appear to be gold and silver, and then decides maybe he can profit here just as easily as back at home, so begins games of chance, some little sleight-of-hand, and soon he’s got a tidy little bag of coins.

MP:  After visiting larger towns, he realizes there’s more than the simple villages, to con, and he learns that Enchanted Lands gets visitors from many different realms.  So he plans out a big show, where he can hopefully steal people’s valuables.

PP2: He enlists the help of some well-connected individuals from the “underground” which is a network of thieves, cons, and criminals of magical and non-magical persuasions.  Little does he realize the point man, is a guy who works for Max directly.  Max offers to help Zanzibar with his big production, if he helps Max with a few things.

C: Max upholds his part of the bargain, helping Zanzibar get the venue, setup the tents, get out the fliers and everything.  Zanzibar holds the performance, makes the biggest swindle of his life, and then is promptly betrayed by Max when Max exposes him for a fraud.  Just before the audience is about to react by mob violence, the administration castle is stormed.

R: Max has to turn his attention back to his plans to turn on the giant portal with which to invade other realms.  Zanzibar in the excitement manages to escape to parts unknown.

Sub-plot Outline:

II: Max knows when Zanzibar came in, where he was from, and what he was doing.  So he sends out a few henchmen to “meet” up with Zanzibar, when he’s trying to find out how to get help for the largest con and magic show of his life.

PP1: Max “runs into” Zanzibar, and pretends to be a gullible gambler, in order to find out how Zanzibar works.  He’s initially impressed that he can’t find the Queen under the 3 cards, but then gets angry when he finds out Zanzibar was cheating.  Zanzibar runs away and Max sends a few things after him.

MP:  Eventually the thugs catch up to Zanzibar.  Max is amused at Zanzibar’s boldness and instead of punishing him decides to offer him a job in exchange he promises to help Zanzibar with his big show.

PP2: Zanzibar sets up shows around the Lands, and then does magic tricks for tourists.  After the shows are done, Max gets some of his men to abduct the tourists.  At one of his shows, Zanzibar manages to capture Roland.

C: Despite rumors about a lot of people disappearing, Zanzibar is popular enough to garner a huge crowd, which he does, and he’s able to perform his biggest show ever.  As Max is about to give Zanzibar over to the people, he gets news of the castle being stormed.

R: Zanzibar manages to escape, and since he’s of little consequence to Max, Max turns his attention to his own plans.

-----

Melvin “Zanzibar the Great” Zanzibar Plot outlined

Main Plot: Zanzibar the Great is a magician, con artist, and thief.  After conning the Las Vegas chief of police out of a sizable fortune, the police start coming after him, and he escapes by getting into a crowd of elderly gentlemen.  When they all go through a portal he figures he has nothing to lose and follows them into Enchanted Lands.  While there he realizes no one is after him, and so decides to set up his shows again.  He wants to pull off a big final show, but doesn’t have the resources.  Max comes in and makes a deal with him, that he’ll help supply his shows, and Zanzibar will distract the audience enough to take more people captive for his mines.  Zanzibar reluctantly agrees.  Max exposes Zanzibar as a fraud, and is about to let the audience dispose of him, when he gets a message that the castle is being stormed.

Sub-plot:  Zanzibar knows this could go awry at any time, and then asks Max to let him be tax collector.  When Max agrees he decides he can skim some money off the top, just in case things go south. (note: Max could eventually find out and find where Zanzibar has hidden the money, and then takes it.)

Main plot outline:

II: Zanzibar arrives in Enchanted Lands with the goal of pulling off his biggest con yet by organizing an extravagant magic show. He starts performing smaller tricks and scamming the locals, but he realizes that he’ll need more resources and a bigger audience to pull off his big plan.

PP1: Max approaches Zanzibar with an offer. Max sees the potential of combining Zanzibar’s big show with his own need for more captives for his mines. Max proposes a partnership where Zanzibar helps draw in more people through his spectacular show, which will also distract the public from the abductions happening behind the scenes. Max agrees to help with the show, and in exchange, Zanzibar demands a backup plan: to become the tax collector.

Mp: Zanzibar’s show is growing, and the crowds are getting larger. Meanwhile, Max continues his plan to round up more captives, but things are getting riskier. Zanzibar starts skimming off the top of the tax money he’s collecting, ensuring that he has a financial cushion. However, he begins to worry that Max may turn on him once the show reaches its peak and he no longer needs captives for the mines.

PP2: As the show approaches its grand finale, Max’s intentions become clearer. Zanzibar realizes that Max likely always planned to betray him once the show was over and the captives were used up. Despite this, Zanzibar presses on with his plan, determined to complete his biggest con and set himself up for life. He hopes that his money from both the show and the tax scheme will provide enough of a safety net to escape any fallout.

C: During the grand finale of the show, as Max’s betrayal becomes imminent, Zanzibar narrowly escapes with his earnings, slipping away as the mob begins to gather to expose him. Max has been waiting for the moment to have Zanzibar exposed as a fraud, but when the heroes storm the castle, it throws everything into chaos. Zanzibar uses this opportunity to escape.

R: Zanzibar’s escape marks the end of his big show and his schemes. He manages to keep the money he’s skimming and still gets away, even though his plans don’t go exactly as expected. He might not have “won” in the traditional sense, but he’s managed to avoid the worst consequences, at least for now.

Subplot outline:
II is when Zanzibar realizes he needs more resources for his big show and considers the option of becoming the tax collector as a backup plan.

PP1 is when Max offers Zanzibar a partnership that includes the tax collector position as part of the deal.

MP: is when Zanzibar begins actively skimming the tax money and sees the dangers of relying solely on the show’s success.

PP2: is when Zanzibar fully understands Max's betrayal but continues his own plan for the show while making sure he has the backup tax money.

C: is when the moment of betrayal arrives, and Zanzibar escapes the consequences, including the tax fraud, just in time.

R: is when Zanzibar escapes with his earnings, securing his financial safety but not without the feeling of having narrowly escaped the repercussions.

-----

Melvin “Zanzibar the Great” Zanzibar Plot outline.

Main Plot: Zanzibar the Great is a magician, con artist, and thief.  After conning the Las Vegas chief of police out of a sizable fortune, the police start coming after him, and he escapes by getting into a crowd of elderly gentlemen.  When they all go through a portal he figures he has nothing to lose and follows them into Enchanted Lands.  While there he realizes no one is after him, and so decides to set up his shows again.  He wants to pull off a big final show, but doesn’t have the resources.  Max comes in and makes a deal with him, that he’ll help supply his shows, and Zanzibar will distract the audience enough to take more people captive for his mines.  Zanzibar reluctantly agrees.  Max exposes Zanzibar as a fraud, and is about to let the audience dispose of him, when he gets a message that the castle is being stormed.

Sub-plot:  Zanzibar knows this could go awry at any time, and then asks Max to let him be tax collector.  When Max agrees he decides he can skim some money off the top, just in case things go south. (note: Max could eventually find out and find where Zanzibar has hidden the money, and then takes it.)

Main plot outline:

II: Zanzibar, while escaping from the police in our realm, hides in a group of elderly gentlemen who appear to be dressed strangely.  When they go through a portal, he figures he’ll go with them, and ends up in Enchanted Lands.

PP1: Zanzibar begins his schemes, and steals from Max at one of his shows.  Max finding out later that he stole his money, likes the fact that Zanzibar was so good at it.  Max offers to help Zanzibar do larger productions but he needs him to do some tax collecting.  Zanzibar agrees, and starts doing some impressive shows.

MP: Max almost has enough people to work his mines, after he’s been abducting them from Zanzibar’s shows.  He decides he’s going to betray Zanzibar and comes up with a plan to do one big final show, enough for Zanzibar to retire on. Zanzibar readily agrees.

PP2:  Max tells Zanzibar, that not only is this his last show here in Enchanted Lands, but that this is his last show ever and tells him he’s got to go on with the show as planned.

C: Just after Zanzibar steals the audiences money, now numbering in the hundreds, Max yells that they’ve just been robbed.  As the mob approaches Zanzibar, Max gets a message that the Castle is being stormed.

R: Max yells for all of his people to head toward the castle, and as they’re escaping and the mob is trying to make their way on the stage, Zanzibar escapes out the back during the confusion, carrying the loot he stole from this last show.

Subplot outline:
II:  Zanzibar decides to agree to Max’s terms for accepting help in producing larger shows.

PP1: Zanzibar realizes he wants a backup source of income should the shows start going wrong.  So he decides to skim money off the taxes.

MP: Zanzibar starts hiding all the money he’s accumulated in the same place.

PP2: Max finds out Zanzibar has been skimming from the tax money, and searches for the hiding place, not knowing where it is just yet.

C: Max finally finds the hiding place, takes the money, and then decides to betray Zanzibar, even though he was going to find a way to dispose of him later.

R: Zanzibar narrowly escapes with the earnings from the final show, with his life.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Red Riding Hood Plot Outline

Main Plot: Max gets her out of hiding to build a werewolf army.

Sub-plot: She attempts to gain favor with Max again in order to take Violet’s place.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Red is pulled out of hiding and Max wants her to use her considerable skills to build an army of werewolves.

PP1: Red successfully “presses” almost all of the werewolves into service, except one.

MP: Red finally gets that one werewolf (Kurt) into the army.

PP2: Kurt convinces half of the werewolves to stick with him, and to fight against Red, commenting on their past history with her.

C: Red finds out, and the two packs fight against each other.  By this time, Kurt is no longer a coward, and goes after Red.

R: Red is quickly dispatched.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  Red tries to seduce Max.

PP1: She recruits most of the wolves, and Max seems pleased.

MP: She tries to seduce Max again, and is almost successful.

PP2:  Violet sensing Red almost has Max back, decides to try one more thing, and sends Red out after Kurt.

C: Kurt catches up to Red and is never heard from again.

R: Violet cements her place by Max’s side but by this time the heroes are about to storm the castle!

---

Scarlet “Red” Clover Plot Outline

Main Plot: Max gets her out of hiding to build a werewolf army.  She utilizes the fact that Max can actually remove the curse of them being werewolves, when he has no intention of freeing them from the curse.  She also lies about the reason she hunted them, saying they tested this experimental spell by capturing these werewolves, and the reason they are still missing is because they were “cured” of the curse.

Sub-plot: She’s searching for the werewolf that “ate” Grandma.  She finds out that it was Kurt who ate her Grandma, and she confronts him.  He then grabs her and heads into the woods, where after a few short screams, is never heard from again.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Red is pulled out of hiding and Max wants her to use her considerable skills to build an army of werewolves.  Red approaches the werewolves, who don’t look too welcoming as they surround her.

PP1: Red lies and tells them they were never hunted but they were cured.  And says they can be cured too if they decide to join Max’s army.

MP:  Red gets Max to demonstrate the curse removal process on one werewolf.  They then hold Red hostage while they decide.

PP2: After a few days, they bring Red out, and tell them of their decision to join Max’s army, where some including Kurt Wulf, Rottweiler’s first in command audibly dissent.  Red rejoins Max to tell him the news.

C: On her way back to escort the wolfpack, Kurt jumps out of the bushes.

R: Red struggles as they tumble into the brush.

Sub-plot Outline:

II:  Scarlet “Red” Clover has been in hiding ever since Grandma got eaten by a werewolf, but instead of being in fear, she’s been busy piecing together who did it.  When Max comes to call, she’s actually ready and agrees to try to raise Max’s werewolf army.

PP1: While trying to talk the werewolves into joining Max’s army, she’s been profiling each member of the wolfpack.

MP: She ends up eliminating most of the werewolves that want to be free from the curse, leaving Kurt and his followers.  After an exhaustive search, she finds that Kurt is the culprit.

PP2:    She’s about to use the Magic Mirror to contact Max, with Kurt confronts her.  Kurt then confirms it but also mentions how it was Max who ordered it, in order to be able to control her.  She goes to rejoin Max about the decision of the army, and to ask him if it’s true, that he ordered Kurt to get Grandma

C: Max replies he doesn’t know what she’s talking about, and she goes back to the wolfpack, when Kurt jumps out of the bushes.

R: As they tumble into the brush, Red’s cries cease suddenly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kurt “Biter” Wulf Plot Outline


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: Might change Kurt’s main plot to find a way to strengthen the curse so that the werewolf army could even be more powerful, possibly wanting to take control of Max’s whole operation.  Kurt’s subplot might involve secretly turning werewolves against Rottweiler before Violet put’s Kurt in charge.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Main Plot:  Kurt is second in command next to Rottweiler, the werewolf leader.  Kurt wants to become the new leader, so he makes a deal with Violet Moonshadow, to get rid of a longstanding problem she’s had with “Red”.  She’ll make Kurt the leader of the pack, if he disposes of Red.  Which he does.

Subplot: Kurt wants to stay a werewolf, so he stirs up a faction of the werewolves against Rottweiler.  Then when he eliminates Red he decides he wants to become more powerful, and makes a deal with Violet, where upon returning to get the Totem of Leadership, is stopped by Rottweiler’s third in command named Thorne.  A fight occurs with Kurt getting the better of Thorne, whereby he goes after the Totem.

Main Plot Outline:

II:  Scarlet “Red” Clover shows up in the Werewolf village.  She offers the werewolf leader Rottweiler a chance to get rid of the curse that’s been keeping them wolves for generations.  Kurt recognizes her right away, and figures this might be a good time to take over the pack.

PP1: Kurt remembers the rivalry between Red and Violet, and so he seeks out Violet to ask her to help him become the leader of the pack, which she agrees if he eliminates Red.  Kurt returns to the village just in time to participate in the discussion about joining Max’s army in order to have the curse removed.

MP: Kurt eliminates Red and then brings back the proof in the form of her “Riding Hood” to Violet.  And then he mentions the talk of eliminating the curse, but since he likes being a Werewolf so much, if she could also enhance his abilities and the rest of his people.  She thinks for a moment and then says, in order to do this thing, Kurt must bring back the Totem of Leadership.  Kurt reluctantly agrees, and heads back to the village.

PP2: Kurt pretends to finally decide to agree with Rottweiler, and when he’s not looking knocks him out with a spear handle.  He then grabs the Totem of Leadership and returns to Violet.

C: Violet casts a spell on Kurt, while hold the totem of leadership, and Kurt visibly changes, seems to grow bigger, more muscular and more imposing.  Violet then hands the Totem back, and doesn’t tell him that the Totem bounds him and his wolves to her.

R: Kurt comes back, and claims leadership with totem in hand, as every werewolf in the village bows to him.  They all decide to go ahead and join Max’s army any way.

Subplot Outline:

II: Red shows up and promises to remove the curse of the werewolf from the village.  This causes Kurt to audibly object, where there is an argument between him and Rottweiler’s third in command, Thorne.

PP1: After making a deal with Violet to eliminate Red, Kurt comes back to find that Thorne has already talked to the clans, and gets most of them to go along with the deal Rottweiler has set up.  Kurt and Thorne have an argument which almost comes to blows, when Rottweiler comes out of his hut and claims they will take the deal.

MP: Kurt stomps out claiming he’s going to become leader, and just wait, and then meets with Violet giving her the proof of Red’s demise. When she gives him the second task of gaining the Totem of Leadership.

PP2: Kurt comes back, this time, he’s about ready to sneak into Rottweiler’s hut when he’s topped by Thorne.  Him and Thorne fight until Thorne is close to dead.  As Thorne is laying bleeding and out of breath, Kurt heads towards Rottweiler’s hut.

C:  Rottweiler is asleep on his cot as Kurt scans the inside of the hut, noting the Totem in a corner, he then grabs a heavy bottle and hits the sleeping Rottweiler on the head, knocking him unconscious, if not dead.  He grabs the totem and then cuts through the back of the hut, and heads to meet Violet.

R: When Kurt comes back, the werewolves are generally all changed, even Rottweiler and Thorne are in a decent state.  All the wolves bow to Kurt as the new leader.

---
Note: Need to clean up the chronology of the plot outline.  The dragons are already enchanted by Crooktooth because it happens before we’re introduced to either John or Hubert.  Zanzibar is able to escape after confusion caused by Max being called away on account of the heroes “storming” the castle, however, At a later date, he sees flying trains coming in that weren’t scheduled.  Need to rearrange the chonology.
---
A possible subplot for Max, involves him liking Red, and maybe wanting to get rid of Violet.  Violet is jealous so she gets Kurt to take care of her in return for her making him leader of the pack.  When Max finally figures out what happened, he decides he’s going to take care of Violet himself.
---
Some others see the trains coming, which is when Max gets the call to come back.
--
Remove line 89
Change line 171 from “Max gets word” to match line 237, and remove line 237 (cut and paste)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Maximilian Spell
Subplot:   Max is getting tired of Violet, and remembers what a fun time he had with Scarlet “Red” Clover, and decides to bring her out of hiding, also remembering her “Wolf-hide side hustle”, and also decides he wants her to recruit Werewolves for his army and he wants her to be with him, when he finally starts conquering realms.

Subplot Outline

II:  Max brings Red out of hiding.

PP1:  Red goes and recruits the Werewolves that join his army.

MP:  When Red doesn’t come back, Max starts getting suspicious and asks a trusted servant to find out what’s happened to Red, and the servant comes back and says she’s been disposed of by Kurt.  Saddened and a little angry, he asks Violet to accompany him to the Werewolf village, to see if they can figure out what happened to Red. 

PP2:  Violet doesn’t resist, as she figures she’ll think of something by the time they get there.  So after talking to both of them, he decides to dispose of her with some sort of fireball spell.  Kurt jumps in the way and is killed.

C: Max grabs the Totem of Leadership, and tells the werewolves, the first one that gets to her, gets to keep the totem, and become the new leader.  Thorne runs after Violet into the forest, and then returns to say she’s done.  

R: Max then says that he will only give back the Totem if they join his army.  Thorne readily agrees and Max gives him the staff. 

---

Subplot Outline Revision:

II:  Max brings Red out of hiding.

PP1:  Red goes and recruits the Werewolves that join his army.

MP:  When Red doesn’t come back, Max starts getting suspicious and asks a trusted servant to find out what’s happened to Red, and the servant comes back and says he found this red rider’s hood in the possession of Violet.   Saddened and a little angry, he asks Violet to accompany him to the Werewolf village, to see if they can figure out what happened to Red.  
 
PP2:  When they get there, Max asks both parties what happened to red, and then finds out it was on Violet’s authority and Kurt’s actions.  So Max throws a fireball toward Violet but Kurt jumps in the way and dies.

C: Furious, Max grabs the Totem of Leadership, and tells the werewolves, the first one that gets to her, gets to keep the totem, and become the new leader.  Thorne runs after Violet into the forest, and then returns to say she’s done.  

R: Max then says that he will only give back the Totem if they join his army.  Thorne readily agrees and Max gives him the staff. 

---
“Vacation” princesses are trapped in Fairy Godcollege in the library, to run fairy tale scenarios to get them to marry some of Max’s henchmen.  Specifically trapped in enchanted books.  The Count and Princess Karin want to find out what happened to the Vacation Princesses as they’re not in Princess Prep.  They go to infiltrate Fairy Godcollege, where Karin pretends to be a would-be Fairy Godmother, and the Count needs to turn into a bat and hide in her handbag, as, the windows are locked tight.  The hint that there might be something in Fairy Godcollege could be in a flyer nailed to the Princess Prep door, stating some weak apology about the school closing down, but if they wish, they can sign up for a new special program in Fairy Godcollege

John had already been in Princess Prep.  He noticed the Princess’s itinerary, which had the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel at the top.  The headmistress was trapped by an enchanted plant, that when John freed her, she mentioned that this woman that cast the spell on the plant, took the hotel tickets and a few other items she couldn’t see.  Then she says she heard a male voice, tell her, you need to get back to Fairy Godcollege.  John had managed to enter the window of the headmistress’s office around the back.

When Princess Karin decides to checkout Princess Prep, she goes to the front door, and reads a note:  Dear Future Princesses, It is with great sorrow and a heavy heart that we must inform you that Princess Prep has been temporarily suspended due to unforeseen circumstances. During this time, we invite you to explore Fairy Godcollege’s special program just for those who signed up for the Princess Program.  We apologize for any inconvenience.  When Karin tries to open the door it’s locked, and when she goes around to the window for the headmistresses room, she finds it all boarded up.

Princess Karin and the Count tell John and Hubert that there’s no other way into Princess Prep, that apparently someone closed it up after John had visited.  The John mentions that the headmistress told him that a male voice told the woman (whom was possibly identified as Violet), to get back to Fairy Godcollege.  Then Hubert spoke up and told them that it was Violet Moonshadow.  If the princesses are anywhere, she’ll know where it is.  They then decide the Princess should pretend to be “Vacation” princess, in order to infiltrate the school, and that the only thing the Count can do is, turn himself into a bat and hide in her handbag.  He only agrees if she agrees to help him find a mate, which she does.  Karin changes clothes to suit a more tourist vibe, and then The Count transforms into a bat, and flies into her purse.  She then goes up to the Fairy Godcollege door, knocks, and claims she’s sorry she was a little late, but noticed the sign on Princess Prep, and decided to come over.  When she gets in, she’s taken to a little office, where Violet is sitting filling out some paperwork.  Violet signs her up not knowing it’s her.  But then says she’s going to have to leave her handbag.  She reluctantly gives up the bag.  Violet claims it will be returned to her, on the day of her departure and throws the bag in a box.  She’s then brought into the library by an instructor who tells her, she needs to study up on her fairy-tale knowledge so she needs to pick out 3 books, and to read them that she will be tested on them later.  So she picks three fairy tales, and goes to a table, and opens one at random, and instantly she’s transported into Sleeping Beauty.  Then the instructor, takes the books and replaces them on the bookshelves.

Meanwhile the box containing her handbag with a uncertain Count inside, heads to another room.  When the Count peaks out, he notices some heavy doors, and what looks like a large cast-iron oven.  Someone takes a bag, and tosses it into the oven, when it finally dawns on the Count that this is an incinerator.  So he tries to struggle, as his bag is picked up, when his bag is picked up, about ready to be thrown in, he then flaps his wings furiously causing the attendant to lose his balance and falls down, the count flies out of the bag and out the door.  Using his powers of obfuscation he hides in a corner, to observe, what’s going on in the office, and notices the same thing happen to some other girl, and then follows her, she picks out a few books, and then when she opens one, she disappears into the book which is then promptly replaced back into the bookshelf.  The Count is able to make it out of Fairy Godcollege to tell the others what happened.  

Hubert mutters something about not disposing of Violet when he had the chance.  So he decides to go back to Fairy Godcollege and breaks down the door.  “Open the library!” says Hubert in a demanding voice.  A couple of attendants go toward the library and open the large doors.  As he goes in, he notices several of the books are glowing, and figures they must be the ones.  But instead of putting them all in a bag, he shrinks the shelves down to pocket size and puts it in a small bag.  He then leaves, leaving Violet to face Max.  When he returns to the Count’s hotel, he asks if there’s a ballroom, to which the Count replies “Of course”.  He sets the miniaturized bookcases in the center of the ball room and then uses another spell to re-enlarge everything.  He then takes all the enchanted books off, and tells John to go through each one and finish off their endings, until he finally finds Karin and helps her through her fairy tale.  Then they instruct some Knights under Sir William to finish off the rest of the fairy tales.

The Count then ever the gentleman, goes over quietly to Princess Karin, and asks her if she minds helping him with his problem now.  She replies “I haven’t forgotten, and in fact you’ve found her yourself.”  “I have?”  “May I present to you Princess Zora Felice, Vampire Princess from the realm of Alizar”.  “A princess?  But would she marry me, even when we use the ‘love bite’, the bride-to-be has to agree of her own free will.”  “Well why don’t you ask her?”.  Just then a lovely tall dark haired beauty walks in. “I-I-I- my name is uhh… The Count, you can call me the Count.” “I’m Zora, are you the one who rescued me?” “Well I helped a little.”

---
Note: John finds a book in our realm in his library about “Unicorn Sign-Language” so he’s able to understand Sir William.

Princess Karin Elspeth of Verdance 
Subplot: Karin wants to find out what happened to the “vacation princesses”.  So even though John has already been there, she wants to head over to Princess Prep to see if she can find any hints.  She finds a note on the door that speaks about a “special program” going on in Fairy Godcollege.  Bringing the news back to the gang, they decide the only way to see what’s going on, is if Karin poses as a “vacation” princess.  When she goes back to Fairy Godcollege she’s captured in an Enchanted book living in a fairy tale, until John seems to enter the story with her, and finishes it.

Subplot Outline:
II:  Karin poses the question, that if Princess Prep is closed where are all the “vacation” princesses be?  So she decides to go to Princess Prep.  She checks the front door, that has a note, saying Fairy Godcollege has a special program for vacation princesses.  She also checks the window in the back to the headmistresses room, but it’s all boarded up.

PP1: Karin returns to “Bats” and mentions the note and the fact the window in the back was all boarded up.  John mentioned that the headmistress of Princess Prep claim she heard a male voice saying the female (which was Violet) needed to get back to Fairy GodCollege.  Hubert mentions that it’s run by Violet Moonshadow and that she would probably know where the princesses are.  She heads over to Fairy Godcollege with The Count in her bag after transforming into a bat.

MP: Karin knocks on the door, greeted with a guard who tells her, the program’s all filled up, and to maybe try again next year.  Karin then hears a voice in the back, saying it’s ok, and they’re almost finished anyway, so go ahead and let her in.  She’s then accepted, and told to put her bag in a box that they’ll return it to her at the end of class.

PP2:  The Princess is taken to a great library.  Karin is then told to choose 3 fairy tales to read and that she will be tested later.  As soon as she opens one at random, it sucks her inside.  The books are then returned to the bookshelf.

C: She’s suddenly in Sleeping Beauty, when she pricks her finger on a spindle, and falls asleep.  When the count manages to find his way back he tells John what happened and John and Hubert go to confront Violet.  Hubert casts a spell so they can carry the bookshelves with them, and then re-enlarges them.  John goes through each one until he comes to Sleeping Beauty, and goes inside, finishes the fairy tale and him and Karin are instantly transported out.

R: Hubert asks Sir Williams to take some of his best nights, and enter the other books the same way while rescuing the rest of the vacation princesses.

---

Subplot Outline Revision:
II:  Karin poses the question, that if Princess Prep is closed where are all the “vacation” princesses be?  
John mentions when he was there earlier, that the headmistress overheard a male voice saying to a female voice she needed to get back to Fairy Godcollege.

PP1:  Hubert confirms that would be Violet as she runs the college, and so they come up with a plan to find out what happened to the vacation princesses and also to free the vacation fairy godmothers.  Then Karin heads over to Fairy Godcollege.  When she knocks, the guard does not let her in, and states they don’t need anymore Fairy Godmothers, you can try Princess Prep if you like.

MP: Karin goes back to Princess Prep where she sees a sign on the front door that says, they’ve made a special program for people who paid for the Princess program, at Fairy Godcollege.  The password is “swordfish”.  So Karin returns to Fairy Godcollege, and says she’s a vacation princess, and then she says the password, and they let her in.

PP2:  The Princess is led into an office, where none-other-than Violet Moonshadow is filling out some paperwork, but obviously doesn’t recognize her.  She tells her to throw her bag into the box and that it will be returned later.  She is taken to a great library.  Karin is then told to choose 3 fairy tales to read and that she will be tested later.  As soon as she opens one at random, it sucks her inside.  The books are then returned to the bookshelf.

C: She’s suddenly in Sleeping Beauty, when she pricks her finger on a spindle, and falls asleep.  When the count manages to find his way back he tells John what happened and John and Hubert go to confront Violet.  Hubert casts a spell so they can carry the bookshelves with them, and then re-enlarges them.  John goes through each one until he comes to Sleeping Beauty, and goes inside, finishes the fairy tale and him and Karin are instantly transported out.

R: Hubert asks Sir Williams to take some of his best nights, and enter the other books the same way while rescuing the rest of the vacation princesses.

The Count
Subplot: The count wants to find a mate, so he agrees to help Karin solve the mystery of the missing princesses, if she helps him find a mate.  So he hides in her handbag as a bat while she enters Fairy Godcollege.  The bag ends up in a box about to be incinerated when The Count manages to escape.  Using his powers, he’s able to safely sneak out, and back to John and Hubert to tell them what happened.  When the Princess and the other vacation princesses are rescued, Karin tells him about one particular ‘vacation’ princess, that’s actually a real princess, and in fact she’s a vampire princess.

Subplot Outline:

II: The Princess wants to find out about the missing vacation princesses, but agrees to help the Count with his problem if she helps her with hers, which he takes her up on the offer. 

PP1: The Count agrees to turn into a bat and hide in the Princess’ handbag.  When she gets accepted, she has to put her bag in a box, which is moved to another room.

MP:  The Count trying to stay out of sight, also tries to see where he is and what’s going on.  When he’s almost thrown into an incinerator.

PP2:  The Count narrowly escapes the incinerator and then hides in the shadows, until he spots another girl, going down to the library, and he follows her in there, noting that she is trapped in one of the books.  Realizing the Princess might end up in the same fate he flies out only to see her go into the library herself and do the same thing.

C:  Hiding in shadows and sneaking around until he escapes, he goes back to Bats to tell Hubert and John what’s going on, and they head back over to Fairy Godcollege.  Hubert confronts Violet, manages to get the books from the library, and take them back to the motel.  Where John and other Knights of the Guard do the same, and play out the fairy tales so the vacation princesses can be released.

R:  The Count asks Karin to help him now, and she mentions he’s already helped himself an introduces him to Princess Zora from Alizar (The Count’s home realm.)


Sir William gets chased into Lapsewood by the Black Knight, just before Hubert, John, The Princess, and the cook, are also chased into Lapsewood.

Lapsewood wasn’t always this way, it was a lush vibrant forest with leaves on the trees and all kinds of exotic plants and shrubbery.  When Max took over Enchanted Lands, he made a deal with the Gnomes to use their mines for his slaves to mine ore for his portal-opening machine, and covered the entrance to the Gnome Kingdom, by setting this forgetfulness curse on anyone entering in, which would eventually forget who they were and what they were doing, so that no one could ever find the entrance to the mines.  There’s also an enchanted lands book called “Unicorn Sign Language for everyone”, that ends up in John’s own library in our realm, and a book that tells the story of Beauty and the Beast from a library in our realm, ends up in Fairy Godcollege.  Presumably this is what gives Violet the idea for cursing Sir William to get rid of him, so he can’t command the armies of Enchanted Lands.

Sir William partial plotline:

II: Inciting Incident
Sir William walks toward a giant statue and reflecting pool, as two Knights are standing discussing Sir William as they're standing directly in front of the statue. They wonder what happened to Sir William, suggest maybe he was enchanted, and that the Wizards over at Wizard U probably wouldn't even help him because of his ego, but that he used to be a great Knight. As they walk off, Sir William walks up to the pool and sees his reflection and notices it flicker a second between the Unicorn and the human visage. He then figures he needs to go over to Wizard U because someone there might help him.

PP1 (Plot Point 1)
Approaching Wizard U, and noting it seems to be closed, he tries to push the door open, but it seems to be locked, so he takes a running start and rams it with his horn, knocking the door off the hinges. He then explores and finds the Hall of Fame paintings with Hubert's having been defaced. He then wanders into the Library and searches and eventually spots the curses section, and pulls off a few books with his horn, and one opens to a page on transmogrification. So figuring that, he feels maybe he should go find Hubert (or the one that was defaced).

Midpoint
After closing the book he notices the back cover, and the image is the same painting as the hall of fame, and it states that he happens to live in a house near the edge of Lapsewood. So he leaves Wizard U and starts heading out, when the Black Knight starts chasing him. Instead of maybe going around Lapsewood, he is chased into the forest, where he eventually loses his memory.

Whole plot outline, 02-26-2025:


---
Act One:
---

Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.

This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.

Many people have disappeared, including most of the friends of the wizard, and chief advisor to the King, Hubert.

Hubert gets external help by bringing in John, a young man, from our realm.

While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.

John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.

John steps through the portal into a train cabin, when he sees a beatiful young woman.

Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."

Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.

Chester the leaves, and flies around while looking some more.

Chester sees a village being burned down by a friend, and rams the dragon hard enough, to stop him.

Before the other dragon could recover, Chestor flies back to his cave, to pick up a few shiny objects.

He then goes out again searching for more of his friends.

On the train the beautiful woman is kidnapped as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.

John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.

Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.

In our realm, Zanzibar the great, amagician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.

Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, and then gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from them.

Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.

Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.

Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant aproaches the entrance.

An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.

At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.

After asking around he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.

Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.

Two knights are discussing the disappearance of Sir William in front of what looks to be his statue.

A unicorn steps up to a pool, behind the knights, in front of the statue and notices a mans face for a moment.

The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.

The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.

The unicorn picks up the words 'Wizard Univeristy' and decides to head in that direction.

The Grand Enchanted Landian is the Princess' first stop, when John learns when he sneaks into Princess Prep.

Zanzibar does some more shows, one with Max attending, and manages to steal from Max without his notice.

Max later finds his money is gone, and then confronts Zanzibar, and makes a deal with him.

Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.

Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends, to try to break them from the enchantment.

Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.

Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave, where Nestor is about ready to beat up Chester, when he speaks.

Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.

Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.

Hubert leaves Wizard U, and heads towards Fairy Godcollege, as the Unicorn walks up to the doorway.

The Unicorn tries to push open the door, but it doesn't move, so he gets a running start and rams it with his horn.

The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting the hall of fame, and then proceeds to find the library.

After exploring the library, he finds a section called "curses", and pulls off a few books with his horn.

Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.

At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is forcing students to become evil witches.

Roland notices all the people working the mines and finally spots a giant chained to a smelter.

The giant is Roland's dad and he tells him to find Hubert and tell him Max needs a lot of quicksilver, for some reason.

John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.

Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.

Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.

The Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification' and finds out you can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.

After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.

The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".

After reading that, the Unicorn heads out, only to be chased by the Black Knight, who chases him into Lapsewood.

After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.

The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.

She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.

She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.

The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.

---
Act Two:
---

Max pulls Scarlet "Red" Clover out of hiding, and asks her to go and conscript the werewolves into his service.

Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.

Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, goes to meet with Violet after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.

Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt elminates Red.

Zanzibar puts some of the tax money, he's collected, into his own pocket.

Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.

Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.

Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.

As they go in to the kitchen, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar. 

John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.

They try to walk out the side doors, calmly and slowly when someone yells "She's Escaped!"

The Black Knight rides up on his black charger, as our heroes run to an empty carriage.

The guard that was was knocked out runs out and tells the Black Knight to get them.

As our heroes speed away the Black Knight starts chasing after them.

Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines.

When he's got enough people working the mines he proposes to help Zanzibar do one final big show.

Zanzibar readily agrees, and then Max finds where his stash is.

While fleeing, The Princess, Hubert, John, and the cook, discuss the Black Knight hunting Unicorns.

Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show

After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.

The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and start chasing him.

Hubert and company eventually come to a bare forest, and slows down a bit.

They spot a Unicorn standing around and approach it, but it doesn't run away.

The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.

John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."

John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".

When John and the Unicorn are finished, John tells them what they talked about.

John says this unicorn, has forgotten where it was going, and is lost.

Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.

Elsewhere Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.

Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.

Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.

The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.

The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.

Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.

John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.

Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.

When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.

Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.

Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.

Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is.

The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.

The werewolves tell Red they want proof, and she goes and gets Max who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.

The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back.

The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then brings Red back out.

Red goes back to tell the news to Max as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.

Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.

Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Motel.

At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.  

The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.

After the Count goes and gets Roland, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.

In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".

Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.

Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.

Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.

Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.

Chestor presents Nestor with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.

After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.

The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Dwarf Mines and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop flying upward.

Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.

Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.

First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.

Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.

Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her while Sir William decides to go back to the Count's hotel.

Roland and John locate the office in the mines.

Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.

Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.

Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.

With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.

The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.

While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.

The Black Knight sits atop Crooktooth his black dragon, as he prepares for another collision.

Sir William after falling a bit regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.

Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks him out of the sky again.

Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.

These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.

All three start flying towards the Black Knight.

The Gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.

Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.

There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.

When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.

Hubert pops out of the train.

The battle between the Black Knight and Sir William ends quickly, with Sir William, ultimately defeating the Black Knight.

Red goes back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.

Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet.

Kurt then reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn't want that, and asks Violet to enhance it.

Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him.

Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.

The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.

Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.

Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.

Hubert sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.

---
Act 3:
---

When Kurt gets back from his second meeting with Violet, he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.

Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.

Kurt goes back to Violet and she casts a spell, which visibily alters Kurt and his pack, and then he goes back.

Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and his followers except for Thorne who was hiding, and then takes his place as leader.

The Princess, Hubert, and John, make plans to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses.

The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.

The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.

The Princess goes back to Princess Prep, sees a note to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password, and returns there.

The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.

The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room with an incinerator.

She's asked to grab some books, and opens one as is immediately sucked inside.

Before being thrown in, the Count causes the attendant to trip, and The Count goes into hiding.

The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.

The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.

The Count, who was in her handbag as a bat, makes it back to Hubert and John, and they all go back to Fairy Godcollege.

With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in, and then release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books.

Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.

They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retieve the rest vacation princesses.

Afterward, the Count comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.

The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.

Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.

Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert

Max gets suspcious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.

The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the posession of Violet.

A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.

All the knights or knights-in-training agree to help our heroes.

After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.

Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.

Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.

The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.

The heroes meet at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.

While everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets, Hubert speaks to the crowd.

Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.

Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.

As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.

Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.

A large battle ensues.

The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.

John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.

John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.

John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.

John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.

While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.

John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.

Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.

John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.

Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.

As the battle comes to a close.  The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.

John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.

After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned.  Enemies are rounded up.

Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.

Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.

Hubert mentions the King is still missing.

He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.

John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.

Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.

He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

Revised outline grouping pages:

01) [Cutscene]
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.  
"Continue."

2)
The Wizard, and chief advisor to the King, Hubert, after noticing he was acting strangely, prepares to get help.
Hubert gets external help by bringing in John, a young man, from our realm.  
Location: Halfway House.

3)
While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal into a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman.  
Location: Earth store → train cabin (portal transition at end, so kept together).

4)
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.  
Location: Caves of Dragonmount.

5)
Chester sees a village being burned down by a friend, and rams the dragon hard enough to stop him.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to his cave.  
Location: Village → cave.

6)
Chester picks up a few shiny objects, and then goes out again searching for more of his friends.  
Location: Cave → searching (leaving at end, so one page).

7)
On the train the beautiful woman is kidnapped as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.

8)
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.  

9) [Cutscene]
In our realm, Zanzibar the great, a magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.  

10) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, and then gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from them.  

11)
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.  

12)
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.  

13) [Cutscene]
An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.  

14)
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.  

15)
After asking around he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.  

16) [Cutscene]
Two knights are discussing the disappearance of Sir William in front of what looks to be his statue.  

17)
A unicorn steps up to a pool, behind the knights, in front of the statue and notices a mans face for a moment.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.  

18)
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn picks up the words 'Wizard University' and decides to head in that direction.  

19)
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian.  

20) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar does some more shows, one with Max attending, and manages to steal from Max without his notice.  

21) [Cutscene]
Max later finds his money is gone, and then confronts Zanzibar, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.  

22)
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends, to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.  

23)
Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave, where Nestor is about ready to beat up Chester, when he speaks.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.  

24)
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.  

25)
Hubert leaves Wizard U, and heads towards Fairy Godcollege, as the Unicorn walks up to the doorway.
The Unicorn tries to push open the door, but it doesn't move, so he gets a running start and rams it with his horn.  

26)
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and then proceeds to find the library.  

27)
After exploring the library, he finds a section called "curses", and pulls off a few books with his horn.  

28)
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.  

29)
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is forcing students to become evil witches.  

30)
Roland notices all the people working the mines and finally spots a giant chained to a smelter.  

31) [Cutscene]
The giant is Roland's dad and he tells him to find Hubert and tell him Max needs a lot of quicksilver, for some reason.  

32)
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.  

33)
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.  

34)
The Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification' and finds out you can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".  

35)
After reading that, the Unicorn heads out, only to be chased by the Black Knight, who chases him into Lapsewood.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.  

36)
The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.  

37)
She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.  

38)
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  

39)
The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.  

40) [Cutscene]
Max pulls Scarlet "Red" Clover out of hiding, and asks her to go and conscript the werewolves into his service.  

41) [Cutscene]
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.  

42) [Cutscene]
Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, goes to meet with Violet after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.  

43) [Cutscene]
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.  

44) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar puts some of the tax money, he's collected, into his own pocket.  

45) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.  

46)
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.  

47)
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.  

48)
As they go in to the kitchen, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.  

49)
John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They try to walk out the side doors, calmly and slowly when someone yells "She's Escaped!"  

50) [Cutscene]
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines.  

51) [Cutscene]
When he's got enough people working the mines he proposes to help Zanzibar do one final big show.
Zanzibar readily agrees, and then Max finds where his stash is hidden.  

52)
While fleeing, The Princess, Hubert, John, and the cook, discuss the Black Knight hunting Unicorns.  

53) [Cutscene]
Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show  

54) [Cutscene]
After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.  

55)
Hubert and company eventually come to a bare forest, and slows down a bit.  

56)
They spot a Unicorn standing around and approach it, but it doesn't run away.
The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.  

57)
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John tells them what they talked about.
John says this unicorn, has forgotten where it was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.  

58) [Cutscene]
Elsewhere Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.  

59) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.  

60)
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.  

61)
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.  

62)
John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.  

63)
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.  

64)
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.  

65)
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.  

66) [Cutscene]
The werewolves tell Red they want proof, and she goes and gets Max who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.  

67) [Cutscene]
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then brings Red back out.  

68) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to tell the news to Max as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.  

69)
Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.  

70)
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Hotel.  

71)
At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.  

72)
After the Count goes and gets Roland, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".  

73)
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.  

74)
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.  

75)
Chester presents Nestor with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.  

76)
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.  

77) [Cutscene]
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Dwarf Mines and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop flying upward.  

78)
Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.  

79) [Cutscene]
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.  

80) [Cutscene]
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.  

81)
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her while Sir William decides to go back to the Count's hotel.  

82)
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.  

83) [Cutscene]
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.  

84) [Cutscene]
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.  

85)
With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.  

86)
The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.  

87)
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.  

88)
The Black Knight sits atop Crooktooth his black dragon, as he prepares for another collision.
Sir William after falling a bit regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.  

89)
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks him out of the sky again.  

90)
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.  

91) [Cutscene]
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.  

92)
Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.  

93) [Cutscene]
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.  

94)
Hubert pops out of the train.  

95)
The battle between the Black Knight and Sir William ends quickly, with Sir William, ultimately defeating the Black Knight.  

96) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.  

97) [Cutscene]
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet.  

98) [Cutscene]
Kurt then reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn’t want that, and asks Violet to enhance it.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him.

99) [Cutscene]
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.  

100) [Cutscene]
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.  

101)
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.  

102)
Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.  

103)
Hubert sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.  

104) [Cutscene]
When Kurt gets back from his second meeting with Violet, he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.  

105) [Cutscene]
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.  

106) [Cutscene]
Kurt goes back to Violet and she casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt and his pack, and then he goes back.  

107) [Cutscene]
Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and his followers except for Thorne who was hiding, and then takes his place as leader.  

108)
The Princess, Hubert, and John, make plans to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses.  

109)
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.  

110)
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep, sees a note to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password, and returns there.  

111)
The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.  

112)
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room with an incinerator.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one as is immediately sucked inside.  

113)
Before being thrown in, the Count causes the attendant to trip, and The Count goes into hiding.  

114)
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.  

115)
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.  

116)
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John, and they all go back to Fairy Godcollege.  

117)
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in, and then release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books. 

118)
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.  

119)
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.  

120)
Afterward, the Count comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.  

121)
Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.  

122) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert  

123) [Cutscene]
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.  

124) [Cutscene]
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.  

125) [Cutscene]
All the knights or knights-in-training agree to help our heroes.  

126) [Cutscene]
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.  

127) [Cutscene]
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.  

128) [Cutscene]
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.  

129)
The heroes meet at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.  

130)
While everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets, Hubert speaks to the crowd.  

131) [Cutscene]
Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.  

132) [Cutscene]
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.  

133) [Cutscene]
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.  

134)
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.  

135)
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.  

136)
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.  

137)
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.  

138)
As the battle comes to a close. The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.  

139)
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.  

140)
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned. Enemies are rounded up.  

141)
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revised outline 2:

1) [Cutscene]
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.  
"Continue."

2)
The Wizard, and chief advisor to the King, Hubert, after noticing he was acting strangely, prepares to get help.
Hubert gets external help by bringing in John, a young man, from our realm.  
Location: Halfway House.

3)
While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal into a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman.  
Location: Earth store → train cabin.

4)
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.  
Location: Caves of Dragonmount.

5)
Chester sees a village being burned down by a friend, and rams the dragon hard enough to stop him.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to his cave.  
Location: Village → cave.

6)
Chester picks up a few shiny objects, and then goes out again searching for more of his friends.  
Location: Cave → searching.

7)
On the train the beautiful woman is kidnapped as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.  

8)
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.  

9) [Cutscene]
In our realm, Zanzibar the great, a magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.  

10) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, and then gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from them.  

11)
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.  

12)
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.
An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.  
Location: Near dwarf mines.

13)
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.  

14)
After asking around he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.  

15)
Two knights are discussing the disappearance of Sir William in front of what looks to be his statue.
A unicorn steps up to a pool, behind the knights, in front of the statue and notices a mans face for a moment.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn picks up the words 'Wizard University' and decides to head in that direction.  
Location: Statue/reflecting pool.

16)
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian.  

17) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar does some more shows, one with Max attending, and manages to steal from Max without his notice.  

18) [Cutscene]
Max later finds his money is gone, and then confronts Zanzibar, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.  

19)
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends, to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.  

20)
Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave, where Nestor is about ready to beat up Chester, when he speaks.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.  

21)
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.  

22)
Hubert leaves Wizard U, and heads towards Fairy Godcollege, as the Unicorn walks up to the doorway.
The Unicorn tries to push open the door, but it doesn't move, so he gets a running start and rams it with his horn.  

23)
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and then proceeds to find the library.  

24)
After exploring the library, he finds a section called "curses", and pulls off a few books with his horn.  

25)
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.  

26)
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is forcing students to become evil witches.  

27)
Roland notices all the people working the mines and finally spots a giant chained to a smelter.
The giant is Roland's dad and he tells him to find Hubert and tell him Max needs a lot of quicksilver, for some reason.  
Location: Gnome Kingdom smelter.

28)
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.  
Location: Scarborough Faire Chicken.

29)
The Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification' and finds out you can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".  

30)
After reading that, the Unicorn heads out, only to be chased by the Black Knight, who chases him into Lapsewood.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.  

31)
The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.
She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.  
Location: Wine cellar building.

32)
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  

33)
The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.  

34) [Cutscene]
Max pulls Scarlet "Red" Clover out of hiding, and asks her to go and conscript the werewolves into his service.  

35) [Cutscene]
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.  

36) [Cutscene]
Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, goes to meet with Violet after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.  
Location: Violet’s meeting spot (assumed same).

37) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar puts some of the tax money, he's collected, into his own pocket.  

38) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.  

39)
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.  
Location: Hotel side door.

40)
As they go in to the kitchen, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.  

41)
John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They try to walk out the side doors, calmly and slowly when someone yells "She's Escaped!"  

42) [Cutscene]
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines.  

43) [Cutscene]
When he's got enough people working the mines he proposes to help Zanzibar do one final big show.
Zanzibar readily agrees, and then Max finds where his stash is hidden.  

44)
While fleeing, The Princess, Hubert, John, and the cook, discuss the Black Knight hunting Unicorns.  

45) [Cutscene]
Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show  

46) [Cutscene]
After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.  

47)
Hubert and company eventually come to a bare forest, and slows down a bit.  

48)
They spot a Unicorn standing around and approach it, but it doesn't run away.
The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.  

49)
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John tells them what they talked about.
John says this unicorn, has forgotten where it was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.  

50) [Cutscene]
Elsewhere Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.  

51) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.  

52)
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.  

53)
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.  

54)
John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.  

55)
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.  

56)
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.  

57)
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.  

58) [Cutscene]
The werewolves tell Red they want proof, and she goes and gets Max who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.  

59) [Cutscene]
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then brings Red back out.  

60) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to tell the news to Max as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.  

61)
Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.  

62)
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Hotel.  

63)
At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.  

64)
After the Count goes and gets Roland, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".  

65)
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.  

66)
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.  

67)
Chester presents Nestor with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.  

68)
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.  

69) [Cutscene]
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Dwarf Mines and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop flying upward.  

70)
Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.  

71) [Cutscene]
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.  

72) [Cutscene]
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.  

73)
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her while Sir William decides to go back to the Count's hotel.  

74)
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.  

75) [Cutscene]
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.  

76) [Cutscene]
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds<|control525|> them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.  

77)
With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.  

78)
The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.  

79)
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.  

80)
The Black Knight sits atop Crooktooth his black dragon, as he prepares for another collision.
Sir William after falling a bit regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.  

81)
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks him out of the sky again.  

82)
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.  

83) [Cutscene]
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.  

84)
Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.  

85) [Cutscene]
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.  

86)
Hubert pops out of the train.  

87)
The battle between the Black Knight and Sir William ends quickly, with Sir William, ultimately defeating the Black Knight.  

88) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.  

89) [Cutscene]
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet.  

90) [Cutscene]
Kurt then reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn’t want that, and asks Violet to enhance it.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him.  

91) [Cutscene]
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.  

92) [Cutscene]
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.  

93)
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.  

94)
Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.  

95)
Hubert sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.  

96) [Cutscene]
When Kurt gets back from his second meeting with Violet, he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.  

97) [Cutscene]
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.  

98) [Cutscene]
Kurt goes back to Violet and she casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt and his pack, and then he goes back.  

99) [Cutscene]
Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and his followers except for Thorne who was hiding, and then takes his place as leader.  

100)
The Princess, Hubert, and John, make plans to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses.  

101)
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.  

102)
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep, sees a note to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password, and returns there.  

103)
The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.  

104)
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room with an incinerator.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one as is immediately sucked inside.  

105)
Before being thrown in, the Count causes the attendant to trip, and The Count goes into hiding.  

106)
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.  

107)
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.  

108)
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John, and they all go back to Fairy Godcollege.  

109)
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in, and then release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books.  

110)
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.  

111)
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.  

112)
Afterward, the Count comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.  

113)
Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.  

114) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert  

115) [Cutscene]
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.  

116) [Cutscene]
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.  

117) [Cutscene]
All the knights or knights-in-training agree to help our heroes.  

118) [Cutscene]
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.  

119) [Cutscene]
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.  

120) [Cutscene]
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.  

121)
The heroes meet at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.  

122)
While everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets, Hubert speaks to the crowd.  

123) [Cutscene]
Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.  

124) [Cutscene]
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.  

125) [Cutscene]
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.  

126)
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.  

127)
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.  

128)
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.  

129)
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.  

130)
As the battle comes to a close. The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.  

131)
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.  

132)
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned. Enemies are rounded up.  

133)
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.  

---

1) [Cutscene]
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.  
"Continue."

2)
The Wizard, and chief advisor to the King, Hubert, after noticing he was acting strangely, prepares to get help.
Hubert gets external help by bringing in John, a young man, from our realm.

3)
While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal into a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman.  

4)
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.  

5)
Chester sees a village being burned down by a friend, and rams the dragon hard enough to stop him.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to his cave.  

6)
Chester picks up a few shiny objects, and then goes out again searching for more of his friends.  

7)
On the train the beautiful woman is kidnapped as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.  

8)
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.  

9) [Cutscene]
In our realm, Zanzibar the great, a magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.  

10) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, and then gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from them.  

11)
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.  

12)
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.
An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.  

13)
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.  

14)
After asking around he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.  

15)
Two knights are discussing the disappearance of Sir William in front of what looks to be his statue.
A unicorn steps up to a pool, behind the knights, in front of the statue and notices a mans face for a moment.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn picks up the words 'Wizard University' and decides to head in that direction.  

16)
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian.  

17) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar does some more shows, one with Max attending, and manages to steal from Max without his notice.  

18) [Cutscene]
Max later finds his money is gone, and then confronts Zanzibar, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.  

19)
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends, to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.  

20)
Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave, where Nestor is about ready to beat up Chester, when he speaks.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.  

21)
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.  

22)
Hubert leaves Wizard U, and heads towards Fairy Godcollege, as the Unicorn walks up to the doorway.
The Unicorn tries to push open the door, but it doesn't move, so he gets a running start and rams it with his horn.  

23)
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and then proceeds to find the library.  

24)
After exploring the library, he finds a section called "curses", and pulls off a few books with his horn.  

25)
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.  

26)
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is forcing students to become evil witches.  

27)
Roland notices all the people working the mines and finally spots a giant chained to a smelter.
The giant is Roland's dad and he tells him to find Hubert and tell him Max needs a lot of quicksilver, for some reason.  

28)
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.  

29)
The Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification' and finds out you can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".  

30)
After reading that, the Unicorn heads out, only to be chased by the Black Knight, who chases him into Lapsewood.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.  

31)
The Princess, tied up to a wine cask in the cellar, manages to escape her ropes with the help of some mice.
She then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, to which she’s forced upstairs.  

32)
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  

33)
The Count comes back and tells John and Hubert what he found.  

34) [Cutscene]
Max pulls Scarlet "Red" Clover out of hiding, and asks her to go and conscript the werewolves into his service.  

35) [Cutscene]
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.  

36) [Cutscene]
Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, goes to meet with Violet after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.  

37) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar puts some of the tax money, he's collected, into his own pocket.  

38) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.  

39)
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.  

40)
As they go in to the kitchen, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.  

41)
John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They go back upstairs to the kitchen.  

42)
They try to walk out of the side doors of the kitchen, calmly and slowly.  

43) [Cutscene]
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines.
When he's got enough people working the mines he proposes to help Zanzibar do one final big show.
Zanzibar readily agrees, and then Max finds where his stash is hidden.  

44)
The Black Knight rides up on his black charger, just as Hubert and company are walking out of the kitchen doors.
The guard that was guarding the Princess in the cellar stumbles out, and yells "She's Escaped!"
They then start running to the wagon, and they take off, as the Black Knight begins to chase them.  

45) [Cutscene]
The Black Knight chases Hubert and company in their wagon across the open land.
They come upon the edge of Lapsewood, the bare forest, still pursued by the Black Knight.
They go into the forest, and before they know it, they’re lost among the leafless trees.  

46)
They spot a Unicorn standing around and approach it, but it doesn't run away.
The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John translates and says he's forgotten where he was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.  

47) [Cutscene]
Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show
After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.
Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.  

48)
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.
They all stop walking, and stand and stare at each other.  

49)
John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.  

50)
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.  

51) [Cutscene]
The werewolves tell Red they want proof, and she goes and gets Max who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.  

52) [Cutscene]
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then brings Red back out.  

53) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to tell the news to Max as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.  

54)
Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.  

55)
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Hotel.  

56)
At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.  

57)
After the Count goes and gets Roland, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".  

58)
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.  

59)
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.  

60)
Chester presents Nestor with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.  

61)
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.  

62) [Cutscene]
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Dwarf Mines and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop flying upward.  

63)
Roland and John use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.  

64) [Cutscene]
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.  

65) [Cutscene]
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.  

66)
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her while Sir William decides to go back to the Count's hotel.  

67)
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.  

68) [Cutscene]
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.  

69) [Cutscene]
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.  

70)
With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.  

71)
The guards alerted to Hubert’s presence chase him to the train station.  

72)
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.  

73)
The Black Knight sits atop Crooktooth his black dragon, as he prepares for another collision.
Sir William after falling a bit regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.  

74)
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks him out of the sky again.

75)
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.  

76) [Cutscene]
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.  

77)
Back in the mines John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.  

78) [Cutscene]
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.  

79)
Hubert pops out of the train.  

80)
The battle between the Black Knight and Sir William ends quickly, with Sir William, ultimately defeating the Black Knight.  

81) [Cutscene]
Red goes back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.  

82) [Cutscene]
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet.  

83) [Cutscene]
Kurt then reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn’t want that, and asks Violet to enhance it.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him. 

84) [Cutscene]
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.  

85) [Cutscene]
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.  

86)
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.  

87)
Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.  

88)
Hubert sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.  

89) [Cutscene]
When Kurt gets back from his second meeting with Violet, he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.  

90) [Cutscene]
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.  

91) [Cutscene]
Kurt goes back to Violet and she casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt and his pack, and then he goes back.  

92) [Cutscene]
Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and his followers except for Thorne who was hiding, and then takes his place as leader.  

93)
The Princess, Hubert, and John, make plans to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses.  

94)
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.  

95)
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep, sees a note to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password, and returns there.  

96)
The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.  

97)
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room with an incinerator.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one as is immediately sucked inside.  

98)
Before being thrown in, The Count causes the attendant to trip, and The Count goes into hiding.  

99)
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.  

100)
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.  

101)
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John, and they all go back to Fairy Godcollege.  

102)
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in, and then release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books. 

103)
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.  

104)
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.  

105)
Afterward, The Count comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.  

106)
Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.  

107) [Cutscene]
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert  

108) [Cutscene]
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.  

109) [Cutscene]
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listens to what Sir William has to say.  

110) [Cutscene]
All the knights or knights-in-training agree to help our heroes.  

111) [Cutscene]
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.  

112) [Cutscene]
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.  

113) [Cutscene]
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.  

114)
The heroes meet at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.  

115)
While everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets, Hubert speaks to the crowd.  

116) [Cutscene]
Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.  

117) [Cutscene]
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.  

118) [Cutscene]
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.  

119)
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.  

120)
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.  

121)
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While still grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.  

122)
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.  

123)
As the battle comes to a close. The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.  

124)
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.  

125)
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned. Enemies are rounded up.  

126)
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some notes about the “magical” ticket system for Enchanted Lands.  So usually Enchanted Lands has a great intelligence network that alerts the King and the administrators of the resort when there’s a new millionaire or billionaire or vip or what-have-you.  So usually an envelope, is left under the door, containing a brochure, with a price and a place to show up written in an empty box on the back.  When the person shows up with the money, there’s usually two people, one sitting at a table, and a larger one standing behind them, obviously for security reasons.  Then there’s a session where the person sitting at the table, hands a sheaf of papers to the person with the cash, has them sign a bunch of them.  Gives them a copy of what they signed, and takes the money, then both the agent and the bodyguard go through a portal, leaving the “guest” alone.  A few days later, they receive another envelope, this time with one more more silver “tickets”.  Then they read the back of the ticket and it opens a portal onto a flying train.  What usually happens with the agent when he goes back to Enchanted Lands.  He goes into the administration castle, and walks up to a window in one of the castle’s rooms, passes the cash and the sheaf of papers to a desk clerk who stuffs it into a canister, and puts it into a pneumatic tube, which transports it elsewhere in the castle.  There’s a mail room in the castle that receives these canisters, where they take out the papers, and put a quicksilver ticket into the same canister, and put it in another pneumatic tube, which ends up in the ticketing room, where there are hundreds of workers, taking the silver tickets, and putting them into envelopes and inserting them into magical “mailboxes”, where they’re magically transported to their destination, which happens to be wherever the guest is located.

So it’s with this that I come to Hubert attempting to bring John into Enchanted Lands.  Since he can see into other realms, and has got info, he searched for someone whom he could trust, that would be willing to help.  He chose John, and so he sent him a silver ticket in his favorite candy bar.  The way he did this is because he owns the Benny Wonkey Candy Company in our realm, and sent a silver ticket into the magic mailbox, which magically got inserted into a candy bar right when John picks it up.

---
Earlier (somewhere above in my notes), I was going to have some blond kid going around opening up candy bars, searching for a ‘golden’ ticket, when John remarks something about wrong candy bar, wrong store.  So I figure maybe this kid finds the silver ticket, and John has to find a way to get the kid to give it to him.  This is just an idea, which I won’t develop right now, but I wanted to put into my notes.

------------------------------------------------------

Newest version of plot outline:

1)
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.
Ever since the King closed down the resort, he's been acting strangely.
Chief advisor and friend to the King, the Wizard Hubert, after seeing the him, goes home to prepare to get external help.

2)
Hubert walks around his home, examining spell books, scrolls, and loose papers, to figure out the best course of action.
Hubert goes to a large crystal ball, which allows him to see into different realms, and he searches for someone to help.
Hubert then spots John, pulls up info about him, and then sees him enter a convenience store, to grab a Benny Wonky Bar.
Hubert puts a silver ticket into a 'magic' mailbox on his desk, which magically appears inside the wrapper.

3)
While on his way home from work, John, stops in at a store, gets his favorite candy bar, with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal as it closes behind him.

4)
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.  

5)
Chester sees a village being burned down by a friend, and rams the dragon hard enough to stop him.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to the entrance of his cave.  

6)
Chester picks up a few shiny objects from his cave, and then leaves again to search for more of his friends.

7)
John steps into what looks like a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman sitting near the front.  
The beautiful woman is grabbed by a short fat little man, as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.  

8)
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.  

9) [Cutscene]
In our realm, Zanzibar the great, a magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.  

10) [Cutscene]
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, in some random village.
Zanzibar gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from the locals.

11)
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.  

12)
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.
An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.  

13)
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.  

14)
After asking around the school, he learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells John the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.  

15)
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.  

16)
Within Knight School grounds, two Knights are standing in front of a statue of a Knight.
They start discussing the disappearance of Sir William.
A unicorn steps up to a pool in front of the statue but behind the knights.
The unicorn notices a mans face for a moment, in place of his own reflection.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn decides to go towards Wizard U.

17)
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian.  

18)
Zanzibar does some more shows in some other villages.
Max attends one of his shows, but Corvus manages to steal from Max without his notice.  

19)
Max later finds his money is gone, and then confronts Zanzibar after a show, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.  

20)
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends in various villages to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.  

21)
Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave west of DragonMount.
Nestor gets ready to breath fire on Chester, when Chester speaks to him.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.  

22) 
As Hubert leaves Wizard U, the Unicorn walks up to the door.
The Unicorn tries to push the door open, but it doesn't budge.
The Unicorn the gets a running start and rams the door with his horn, and then goes inside.

23)
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and then proceeds to find the library.  

24)
After finding the library and exploring it, he finds a section on curses, and pulls off a few books with his horn.  

25)
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.  

26)
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is trying to force students to become evil witches.  

27)
In the Gnome Kingdom, Roland notices all kinds of people and creatures working the mines.
He spots a giant chained to one of the machines that he can't identify, and starts walking towards him.
Roland asks the giant, if he's his Dad, and the giant confirms it.
He tells Roland to find Hubert Halfway, the wizard, and to tell Hubert that Max seems to need a lot of quick silver.

28)
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.  

29)
Inside the library at Wizard U, the Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification'.
Using his horn to turn the pages, he reads that anyone can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".  
The Unicorn then leaves Wizard U.

30)
As the Unicorn trots out, he spots the Black Knight, and start running.
The Black Knight chases the Unicorn into a forest without leaves on the trees.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.  

31)
In the wine cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian, the Princess is struggling with the ropes tying her to a wine cask.
With the help of some mice, she manages to get free of the ropes binding her.
The Princess then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, only to be sent upstairs.

32)
After getting out of the dumbwaiter, The Princess searches for a way out by checking out various doors.
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  

33)
The Count comes back to SFC and tells John and Hubert what he's found.
The Princess is chained to a wine cask in the cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian.
Hubert and John take an empty wagon, and head toward the hotel.

34)
Within the boundaries of the Gnome Kingdom, Max finds Scarlet "Red" Clover, and pulls her out of hiding.
Max asks Red to go and conscript the werewolves from their village into his service, due to her history with them.

35)
Red goes to the werewolf village.
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.  
  
36)
Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, leaves the werewolf village, after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.
Kurt then travels to Fairy Godcollege to meet with Violet.
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.

37)
Zanzibar travels to a few villages and collects some tax money.
Then he puts some of the money he's collected, into his own pocket.  

38)
Max is in the mines overseeing the quicksilver extraction, when a messenger comes up and speaks quietly to him.
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.  

39)
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.  

40)
As they go in to the kitchen, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.  

41)
John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They go back upstairs to the kitchen.  

42)
They try to walk out of the side doors of the kitchen, calmly and slowly.  

43)
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines, as he goes from village to village.
Unbeknownst to Zanzibar, Max had his guards searching everywhere for Zanzibar's money.
They finally found his stash in his hotel room in the Grand Enchanted Landian and take it.
Max proposes one final big show in the hotel, since Max has enough people for his mines.  
Zanzibar agrees to Max's proposal beccause he feels he has enough money to live like a King.

44)
The Black Knight rides up on his black charger, just as Hubert and company are walking out of the kitchen doors.
The guard that was guarding the Princess in the cellar stumbles out, and yells "She's Escaped!"
They then run to the wagon and they take off, as the Black Knight begins to chase them.  

45)
The Black Knight chases Hubert and company in their wagon across the open land.
They come upon the edge of Lapsewood, the bare forest, still pursued by the Black Knight.
They go into the forest, and before they know it, they’re lost among the leafless trees.  

46)
They spot a Unicorn standing around and approach it, but it doesn't run away.
The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John translates and says he's forgotten where he was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.  

47)
Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show.
In the ballroom of the Grand Enchanted Landian, Zanzibar starts doing his show.
After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.
Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.  

48)
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.
They all stop walking, and stand and stare at each other.  

49)
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is.
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.  

50)
Standing the middle of Lapsewood, John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.  
Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.  
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Hotel.  

51)
In the werewolf village, they tell Red they want proof of the curse being lifted.
She leaves and brings Max back to the village, who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.  
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back to the village.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then bring Red back out.  
Red goes back to Max's mines and tells him the news, as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.  

52)
At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.
The Count tells Hubert, Roland is waiting for him at SFC, but Hubert tells him to bring him back here
After the Count comes back, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".  

53)
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.  
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.  

54)
Back at Nestors cave, Chester presents him with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.  
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.  

55)
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Dwarf Mines and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop flying upward.  

56)
Roland and John go back into the dwarf mines.
They use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.  

57)
Max arrives at the administration castle aboard a transport train.
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.  
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.  

58)
Hubert tracks down Violet and confronts her while Sir William decides to go back to the Count's hotel.  

59)
Roland and John locate the office in the mines.  
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.  
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.  

60)
With Violet present Hubert casts the spell that causes his magic to return to him.
Violet yells to alert the guards and Hubert starts runing.

61)
The guards chase Hubert to the depot.  

62)
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.  
The Black Knight sitting atop Crooktooth circles around and starts flying toward Sir William again.
After falling a bit Sir William regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.  
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks Sir William out of the sky again.

63)
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.  

64)
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.  
After a bit, John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.  

65)
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.  
Hubert pops out of the train.  

66)
Sir William and the twins manage to batter Crooktooth and his rider, the Black Knight.
The battle ends quickly, when the Black Knight and Crooktooth separate and fall to their deaths.  

67)
Red goes back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.  

68)
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet.  

69)
Back at Fairy Godcollege Kurt reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn’t want that.
He asks Violet to enhance the effects.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him. 

70)
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.  
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.  
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.  

71)
Back at the Bats-in-the-Belfry, Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.  
Hubert then sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.  

72)
When Kurt gets back from his second meeting with Violet, he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.  
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.  

73)
Kurt returns to Violet and she casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt, and then he goes back to the Village.

74)
Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and his followers except for Thorne who was hiding, and then takes his place as leader.  

75)
The Princess, Hubert, and John, make plans to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses.  
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.  

76)
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep, sees a note to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password, and returns there.  

77)
The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.  

78)
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room with an incinerator.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one as is immediately sucked inside.  

79)
Before being thrown in to the incinerator, The Count causes the attendant to trip, and The Count goes into hiding.  
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.  

80)
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.  

81)
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John, and they all go back to Fairy Godcollege.  

82)
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in, and then release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books. 

83)
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.  

84)
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.  

85)
Afterward, The Count comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.  

86)
Roland Sr. and Roland Jr. head to the north country where his people are.  

87)
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert  
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.  

88)
A lot of Knights or Knights-in-Training listen to what Sir William has to say.  
All the knights or knights-in-training agree to help our heroes.  

89)
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.  
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.  
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.  

90)
The heroes meet at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.
While everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets, Hubert speaks to the crowd.
They all make their preperations for battle.

91)
On the castle grounds, on a terrace near the Omni-Gate, Max has his guards assemble the armies of creatures and men.  
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.  
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.  

92)
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.  
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.  

93)
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.  

94)
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.  
As the it comes to a close. The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.  
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.  

95)
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned. Enemies are rounded up.  

96)
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.

----
Room names:

Room Names for 96 Pages (With Suffixes Where Applicable)
    • Format: RMx[page]_[room_name][suffix] 
        ◦ Page: 001–096 (leading zeros). 
        ◦ Room Name: 1–3 words from text, lowercase, underscores. 
        ◦ Suffix: 001–999 for repeats (e.g., lapsewood001, lapsewood002), no suffix if unique.
1–10
    1. RMx001_enchanted_lands - “Enchanted Lands Magical Resort” (unique). 
    2. RMx002_huberts_home - “his home” (unique). 
    3. RMx003_store - “a store” (unique). 
    4. RMx004_train_cabin - “train cabin” (unique). 
    5. RMx005_dragonmount_caves001 - “Caves of Dragonmount” (first). 
    6. RMx006_dragonmount_caves002 - “his cave” (Chester’s, repeat). 
    7. RMx007_dragonmount_caves003 - “his cave” (Chester’s, repeat). 
    8. RMx008_lapsewood001 - “a forest without leaves” → Lapsewood (first). 
    9. RMx009_zanzibars_stage001 - “into the Lands” → Zanzibar’s stage (first). 
    10. RMx010_zanzibars_stage002 - “Zanzibar then does a few tricks” (repeat).
11–20
    11. RMx011_knight_school001 - “Knight School” (first). 
    12. RMx012_dwarf_mines - “dwarf mines” (unique). 
    13. RMx013_knight_school002 - “Knight School entrance” (repeat). 
    14. RMx014_princess_prep - “Princess Prep” (unique). 
    15. RMx015_knight_school003 - “in front of what looks to be his statue” (repeat). 
    16. RMx016_wizard_u001 - “Wizard U” (first). 
    17. RMx017_zanzibars_stage003 - “Zanzibar does some more shows” (repeat). 
    18. RMx018_zanzibars_stage004 - “Max later finds his money is gone” (repeat). 
    19. RMx019_dragonmount_caves004 - “Nestor’s cave” (repeat). 
    20. RMx020_scarborough_faire001 - “Scarborough Faire Chicken” (first).
21–30
    21. RMx021_wizard_u002 - “Wizard U” (repeat). 
    22. RMx022_wizard_u003 - “Wizard U” (repeat). 
    23. RMx023_wizard_u004 - “Wizard U’s hall of fame” (repeat). 
    24. RMx024_maxs_castle001 - “Max’s castle” (first). 
    25. RMx025_fairy_godcollege001 - “Fairy Godcollege” (first). 
    26. RMx026_gnome_kingdom001 - “Gnome Kingdom” (first). 
    27. RMx027_wizard_u005 - “Wizard U’s library” (repeat). 
    28. RMx028_lapsewood002 - “Lapsewood” (repeat). 
    29. RMx029_hotel_cellar001 - “cellar” → hotel cellar (first). 
    30. RMx030_hotel_room - “upstairs in the hotel” (unique).
31–40
    31. RMx031_scarborough_faire002 - “Scarborough Faire Chicken” (repeat). 
    32. RMx032_maxs_castle002 - “Max’s castle” (repeat). 
    33. RMx033_werewolf_village001 - “werewolf village” (first). 
    34. RMx034_werewolf_village002 - “werewolf village” (repeat). 
    35. RMx035_zanzibars_stage005 - “Zanzibar puts some of the tax money” (repeat). 
    36. RMx036_hotel_side - “side door” → hotel side (unique). 
    37. RMx037_hotel_kitchen001 - “kitchen” → hotel kitchen (first). 
    38. RMx038_hotel_cellar002 - “wine cellar” (repeat). 
    39. RMx039_hotel_kitchen002 - “kitchen” (repeat). 
    40. RMx040_zanzibars_stage006 - “Max uses Zanzibar’s shows” (repeat).
41–50
    41. RMx041_hotel_exit - “kitchen doors” → hotel exit (unique). 
    42. RMx042_lapsewood003 - “Lapsewood” (repeat). 
    43. RMx043_lapsewood004 - “Lapsewood” (repeat). 
    44. RMx044_lapsewood005 - “Lapsewood” (repeat). 
    45. RMx045_scarborough_faire003 - “Scarborough Faire Chicken” (repeat). 
    46. RMx046_werewolf_village003 - “werewolf village” (repeat). 
    47. RMx047_werewolf_village004 - “werewolf village” (repeat). 
    48. RMx048_open_road - “on the road” (unique). 
    49. RMx049_bats_belfry001 - “Bats in the Belfry Hotel” (first). 
    50. RMx050_bats_belfry002 - “Bats in the Belfry Hotel” (repeat).
51–60
    51. RMx051_zanzibars_stage007 - “Zanzibar’s stage” (repeat). 
    52. RMx052_gnome_kingdom002 - “Gnome Kingdom” (repeat). 
    53. RMx053_maxs_castle003 - “Castle” (repeat). 
    54. RMx054_castle_dungeons - “Castle dungeons” (unique). 
    55. RMx055_fairy_godcollege002 - “Fairy Godcollege” (repeat). 
    56. RMx056_gnome_kingdom003 - “office in the mines” (repeat). 
    57. RMx057_train_station001 - “train station” (first). 
    58. RMx058_open_sky001 - “While Sir William is flying” (first). 
    59. RMx059_open_sky002 - “Sir William… flying towards Crooktooth” (repeat). 
    60. RMx060_gnome_kingdom004 - “in the mines” (repeat).
61–70
    61. RMx061_gnome_kingdom005 - “in the mines” (repeat). 
    62. RMx062_train_station002 - “train” → train station (repeat). 
    63. RMx063_bats_belfry003 - “Bats in the Belfry Hotel” (repeat). 
    64. RMx064_knight_school004 - “Knight School” (repeat). 
    65. RMx065_werewolf_village005 - “Werewolf village” (repeat). 
    66. RMx066_werewolf_village006 - “Werewolf village” (repeat). 
    67. RMx067_fairy_godcollege003 - “Fairy Godcollege” (repeat). 
    68. RMx068_fairy_godcollege004 - “Fairy Godcollege library” (repeat). 
    69. RMx069_fairy_godcollege005 - “Fairy Godcollege” (repeat). 
    70. RMx070_bats_belfry004 - “Bats in the Belfry” (repeat).
71–80
    71. RMx071_maxs_castle004 - “Max finds out” → Castle (repeat). 
    72. RMx072_werewolf_village007 - “werewolf village” (repeat). 
    73. RMx073_werewolf_village008 - “werewolf village” (repeat). 
    74. RMx074_bats_belfry005 - “Bats in the Belfry Hotel” (repeat). 
    75. RMx075_bats_belfry006 - “Bats in the Belfry” (repeat). 
    76. RMx076_maxs_castle005 - “Castle” (repeat). 
    77. RMx077_maxs_castle006 - “Castle” (repeat). 
    78. RMx078_portal_zone - “portals” (unique). 
    79. RMx079_catwalk001 - “catwalk” (first). 
    80. RMx080_throne_room001 - “throne room” (first).
81–96
    81. RMx081_battleground001 - “battle” (first). 
    82. RMx082_battleground002 - “battle” (repeat). 
    83. RMx083_battleground003 - “battle” (repeat). 
    84. RMx084_battleground004 - “battle” (repeat). 
    85. RMx085_battleground005 - “battle” (repeat). 
    86. RMx086_battleground006 - “battle” (repeat). 
    87. RMx087_battleground007 - “battle” (repeat). 
    88. RMx088_battleground008 - “battle” (repeat). 
    89. RMx089_battleground009 - “battle” (repeat). 
    90. RMx090_battleground010 - “battle” (repeat). 
    91. RMx091_battleground011 - “battle” (repeat). 
    92. RMx092_catwalk002 - “catwalk” (repeat). 
    93. RMx093_battleground012 - “battle” (repeat). 
    94. RMx094_battleground013 - “battle” (repeat). 
    95. RMx095_battleground014 - “battle” (repeat). 
    96. RMx096_throne_room002 - “throne room” (repeat).

----------------

possible poems for a sign in the library of Wizard U:
If your knowledge is weak,
and worse comes to worse,
If it's answers you seek,
but you're confounded, and cursed
Why not try your query,
in our extensive library.

If your knowledge is weak,
and worse comes to worse,
If it's answers you seek,
but you're confounded, and cursed
Just open a book, 
and try your query,
and take a quick look,
in our extensive library.
-------------------------------------

The castle has a giant dining hall, but it’s run like a cafeteria.

-------------------------------------

Current list:

1)
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down, most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.
Ever since the King closed down the resort, he's been acting strangely.
Chief advisor and friend to the King, the Wizard Hubert, after seeing the him, goes home to prepare to get external help.

2)
Hubert walks around his home, examining spell books, scrolls, and loose papers, to figure out the best course of action.
Hubert goes to a large crystal ball, which allows him to see into different realms, and he searches for someone to help.
Hubert then spots John, pulls up info about him, and then sees him enter a convenience store, to grab a Benny Wonky Bar.
Hubert puts a silver ticket into a 'magic' mailbox on his desk, which magically appears inside the wrapper.

3)
In our realm, also called Cerulea by Enchanted Landians, John is leaving work and walking home, down the street.
John, stops in at a store nearby, and gets his favorite candy bar with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal as it closes behind him.

4)
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.  

5)
As Chester is flying around, he sees a random village being burned down by a friend
Chester flies right into the other dragon hard enough to cause him to stop.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to his own cave, under Dragonmount.

6)
Chester picks up a few shiny objects from his cave, and then leaves again to search for more of his friends.

7)
John steps into what looks like a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman sitting near the front.  
The beautiful woman is grabbed by a short fat little man, as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.  

8)
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John, that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.
Hubert mentions that it's a good thing, that he fell near the edge of Lapsewood, since it makes you forget things.
Hubert and John start walking out of the leafless forest.

9)
In our realm (Cerulea), Zanzibar the great, magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.  

10)
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, in some random village.
Zanzibar gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from the locals.

11)
Once they're out of the confines of Lapsewood, Hubert stops to give instructions.
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself, goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.  

12)
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.
An old dwarf Roland knows, stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.  

13)
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.  

14)
While inside Knight School, John learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells him the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.  

15)
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.
After realizing what's missing, he leaves the school.

16)
Within Knight School grounds, two Knights are standing in front of a statue of a Knight.
They start discussing the disappearance of Sir William.
A unicorn steps up to a pool in front of the statue but behind the knights.
The unicorn notices a mans face for a moment, in place of his own reflection.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn leaves Knight School grounds to search for Wizard U.

17)
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.  

18)
Zanzibar does some more shows in some other villages.
Max attends one of his shows, but Corvus manages to steal from Max without his notice.  

19)
Max leaves the last show Zanzibar put on, but on the road discovers his money is gone.
Max catches up to Zanzibar in another village, and then confronts him after a show, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.  

20)
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends in various villages to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breath fire on them, neither of which works.  

21)
Desperate Chester flies to Nestor's cave, somewhere in the White Serpent range, west of DragonMount.
Nestor gets ready to breath fire on Chester, when Chester speaks to him.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.  

22) 
The Unicorn walks up to the door of Wizard University.
The Unicorn tries to push the door open, but it doesn't budge.
The Unicorn the gets a running start and rams the door with his horn, and then goes inside.

23)
Just inside the door at Wizard U, the Unicorn reads a sign that hints at the library.
The Unicorn then passes through the "hall of fame", noting the paintings of each of the Wizards.
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and particuarly notes it has been defaced.
He then proceeds to find the library.  

24)
After finding the library and exploring it, he finds a section on curses, and pulls off a few books with his horn.  
Inside the library at Wizard U, the Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification'.
Using his horn to turn the pages, he reads that anyone can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".  
The Unicorn then leaves Wizard U.

25)
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.  

26)
Hubert makes his way to Fairy Godcollege, and peeks in one of the windows.
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is trying to force students to become evil witches.  

27)
In the Gnome Kingdom, Roland notices all kinds of people and creatures working the mines.
He spots a giant chained to one of the machines that he can't identify, and starts walking towards him.
Roland asks the giant, if he's his Dad, and the giant confirms it.
He tells Roland to find Hubert Halfway, the wizard, and to tell Hubert that Max seems to need a lot of quick silver.

28)
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.  

29)
As the Unicorn leaves Wizard U, he spots the Black Knight, and start running.
The Black Knight chases the Unicorn into a forest without leaves on the trees.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.  

30)
In the wine cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian, the Princess is struggling with the ropes tying her to a wine cask.
With the help of some mice, she manages to get free of the ropes binding her.
The Princess then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, only to be sent upstairs.

31)
After getting out of the hotel's dumbwaiter, The Princess searches for a way out by checking out various doors.
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.  

32)
The Count comes back to SFC and tells John and Hubert what he's found.
The Princess is chained to a wine cask in the cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian.
Hubert and John take an empty wagon, and head toward the hotel.

33)
Within the boundaries of the Gnome Kingdom, Max finds Scarlet "Red" Clover, and pulls her out of hiding.
Max asks Red to go and conscript the werewolves from their village into his service, due to her history with them.

34)
Red goes to the werewolf village.
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.  
  
35)
Kurt, Rotweiler's second in command, leaves the werewolf village, after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.
Kurt then travels to Fairy Godcollege to meet with Violet.
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.

36)
Zanzibar travels to a few villages and collects some tax money.
Then he puts some of the money he's collected, into his own pocket.  

37)
Max is in the mines overseeing the quicksilver extraction, when a messenger comes up and speaks quietly to him.
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.  

38)
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.  

39)
As they go in to the kitchen of the Grant Enchanted Landian, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.  

40)
Inside the wine cellar, John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They go back upstairs to the kitchen.  

41)
They try to walk out of the side doors of the kitchen, calmly and slowly.  

42)
Unbeknownst to Zanzibar, Max had his guards searching everywhere for Zanzibar's money.
They finally found his stash in his hotel room in the Grand Enchanted Landian and take it.

43)
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines, as he goes from village to village.
Max proposes one final big show in the hotel, since Max has enough people for his mines.  
Zanzibar agrees to Max's proposal beccause he feels he has enough money to live like a King.

44)
The Black Knight rides up to the Grand Enchanted Landian on his black charger.
Hubert and company calmly out of the kitchen doors.
The guard that was guarding the Princess in the cellar stumbles out, and yells "She's Escaped!"
They then run to the wagon and they take off, as the Black Knight begins to chase them.  

45)
The Black Knight chases Hubert and company in their wagon across the open land.
They come upon the edge of Lapsewood, the bare forest, still pursued by the Black Knight.
They go into the forest, and before they know it, they’re lost among the leafless trees.  

46)
Somewhere in the middle of the bare forest, they spot a Unicorn.
The Unicorn stands around but doesn't run away as they approach.
The princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John translates and says he's forgotten where he was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.  

47)
Back at the Grand Enchanted Landian Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing.
In the ballroom Max tells Zanzibar that this is his last show and then Zanzibar performing.
After Corvus (Zanzibar's pet crow), steals the money from the audience, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.
Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.  

48)
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.
They all stop walking, and stand and stare at each other.  

49)
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is.
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.  

50)
Standing the middle of Lapsewood, John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.  
Hubert and company, wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.  
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfy Hotel.  

51)
In the werewolf village, they tell Red they want proof of the curse being lifted.
She leaves and brings Max back to the village, who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.  
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back to the village.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then bring Red back out.  
Red goes back to Max's mines and tells him the news, as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.  

52)
At the Bat's-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.
The Count tells Hubert, Roland is waiting for him at SFC, but Hubert tells him to bring him back here
After the Count comes back, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".  

53)
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.  
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.  

54)
Back at Nestors cave, Chester presents him with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.  
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.  

55)
The Black Knight, while hunting for Sir William, circumscribes Lapsewood, and comes to the road leaving the forest.
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop.  

56)
Roland and John go back into the dwarf mines.
They use the secret door to gain entrance into the gnome kingdom.  

57)
Max arrives at the administration castle aboard a transport train.
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.  
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.  

58)
Sir William lands on the west side terrace of the Castle, and let's Hubert off.
Hubert start systematically searching the grounds for Violet, taking care not to be seen.
Sir William flies off and heads back toward the Bats-in-the-Belfry.

59)
Roland and John locate the office in Max's mines.  
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.  
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.  

60)
Violet comes out of the east gate of the castle toward the east side train depot.
Hubert confronts Violet and before she can do anything, casts the spell that returns the magic.
Violet yells to alert the guards and Hubert starts running.

61)
The guards chase Hubert to the east depot.  

62)
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.  
The Black Knight sitting atop Crooktooth circles around and starts flying toward Sir William again.
After falling a bit Sir William regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.  
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks Sir William out of the sky again.

63)
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.  

64)
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.  
After a bit, John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.  

65)
There’s an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.  
Hubert pops out of the train.  

66)
Sir William and the twins manage to batter Crooktooth and his rider, the Black Knight.
The battle ends quickly, when the Black Knight and Crooktooth separate and fall to their deaths.  

67)
Red heads back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.  

68)
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet at Fairy Godcollege.  
Kurt reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn’t want that.
He asks Violet to enhance the effects.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him. 

69)
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.  
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.  
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.  

70)
Back at the Bats-in-the-Belfry, Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.  
Hubert then sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.  

71)
When Kurt gets back to the werewolf village he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.  
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.  

72)
Kurt returns to Violet at Fairy Godcollege.
She casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt, and then he goes back to the Village.

73)
At the village Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and most of his followers.
When Violet casts the spell to alter Kurt, Thorne in the village sees Kurt's own followers change as well.
Thorne goes and hides just out of town, and waits.

74) 
The Princess, the Count, and Hubert, all sit in the Lobby of the Bats-in-the-Belfry
They decide to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses, and starts making plans.  
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.  

75) 
John and Sir William arrive at Knight School.
They convince most of the Knights and Knights-in-Training, to join them in fighting Max and his armies.
They, then, leave to go back to the Bats in the Belfry.

76)
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep and sees a note on the door.
The Note says to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password.
The Princess with The Count, still a bat in her handbag, start towards Fairy Godcollege. 

77)
The Princess gets into Fairy Godcollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.  

78)
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one and then is immediately sucked inside.  

79)
The box travels into a room with an incinerator which the Count is barely able to make out from within the handbag.
Before being thrown in, The Count causes the attendant to trip, and then the Count escapes.
The count then leaves the incinerator room back into the hallway and hides in the shadows.  
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.  

80)
The count stops at the door to the library as it closes, and then peeks into the windows of the door.
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.  
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John,

81)
Hubert, John, and the Count, all go back to Fairy Godcollege.  
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in.
As soon as they release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books.
They then leave to go back to the Count's hotel.

82)
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John, goes into the books to bring Karin out.  
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.  

83)
They all meet back at the "Bats" lobby.
The Count, then, comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.
In the library Roland Jr. tells Hubert, him and his Dad are going get the help of his people.
Roland leaves the Hotel.

84)
Back at the castle in the throne room, Max gets a "magic mirror" call.  
Barty sitting on his squat throne inside the Gnome Kingdom, tells Max what has been going on.
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert  
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.  

85)
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.  
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.  
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.  

86)
Everyone meets at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.
Everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets.
Hubert speaks to the crowd and they all make their battle plans.

87)
On the castle grounds, on the north terrace near the Omni-Gate, Max and his armies assemble.  
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.  
Realizing, who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.  

88)
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.  
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.  

89)
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.  

90)
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.  
As the it comes to a close. The princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.  
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.  

91)
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned. Enemies are rounded up.  

92)
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions, he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some “magical” touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.


