001
Welcome to Enchanted Lands!
Take a magical vacation, slay a dragon, rescue a princess, become a great and powerful wizard, or stay at one of our many fine hotels. Anything is possible... At least that's what the brochure says. Enchanted Lands, the magical resort kingdom is not doing so well. The King seems to be acting strangely. Enchanted Enterprises has been bought out by Enchanted Holdings, Inc. Administration has closed the various magical training schools, and a dark presence has returned from banished realms.
Is there no one that can solve these mysteries?
Will the schools ever reopen?
Will there ever be anymore stupendous vacation deals?
Stay tuned.

002
Enchanted Lands Magical Resort was sold to a mysterious figure, by the ruler of the kingdom.
This figure, named Max, has systematically closed down most of the resort.
Many people have disappeared including both citizens and tourists.
Ever since the King closed down the resort, he's been acting strangely.
Chief advisor and friend to the King, the Wizard Hubert, after seeing him, goes home to prepare to get external help.

003
Hubert walks around his home, examining spell books, scrolls, and loose papers, to figure out the best course of action.
Hubert goes to a large crystal ball, which allows him to see into different realms, and he searches for someone to help.
Hubert then spots John, pulls up info about him, and then sees him enter a convenience store, to grab a Benny Wonky Bar.
Hubert puts a silver ticket into a 'magic' mailbox on his desk, which magically appears inside the wrapper.

004
In our realm, also called Cerulea by Enchanted Landians, John is leaving work and walking home, down the street.
John stops in at a store nearby, and gets his favorite candy bar with a silver "ticket" inside.
John looks at the silver ticket, and says some words in the fine print, and a portal opens.
John steps through the portal as it closes behind him.

005
Somewhere in the kingdom, Chester, a friendly dragon, lands at the entrance to the "Caves of Dragonmount."
Chester walks around the cave system trying to find his friends.
Chester then leaves, and flies around while looking some more.

006
As Chester is flying around, he sees a random village being burned down by a friend.
Chester flies right into the other dragon hard enough to cause him to stop.
Before the other dragon could recover, Chester flies back to his own cave, under Dragonmount.

007
Chester picks up a few shiny objects from his cave, and then leaves again to search for more of his friends.

008
John steps into what looks like a train cabin, when he sees a beautiful young woman sitting near the front.
The beautiful woman is grabbed by a short fat little man, as the train cabin starts tumbling, causing John to fall.

009
John awakens in a forest without leaves as Hubert walks over and introduces himself.
Hubert tells John that he brought him here, to help find out why Enchanted Lands has closed.
Hubert mentions that it's a good thing that he fell near the edge of Lapsewood, since it makes you forget things.
Hubert and John start walking out of the leafless forest.

010
In our realm (Cerulea), Zanzibar the great, magician, con artist, and thief, manages to escape the police into the Lands.

011
Zanzibar then does a few tricks for the first locals he sees, in some random village.
Zanzibar gets his crow, Corvus, to steal from the locals.

012
Once they're out of the confines of Lapsewood, Hubert stops to give instructions.
Hubert sends John to Knight School and Princess Prep to figure out what's happening.
Hubert himself goes to examine Wizard U and Fairy Godcollege.

013
Near the dwarf mines, Roland, the half-dwarf/half-giant approaches the entrance.
An old dwarf Roland knows stumbles out and tells him his Dad is trapped in the Gnome Kingdom.

014
At the Knight School entrance, John talks to the guards, and then gains entrance to the school.

015
While inside Knight School, John learns a Princess was going to speak at Princess Prep but never made it.
Someone tells him the Knights are using real weapons, and dragons are terrorizing small villages.

016
Hubert sneaks into Wizard U and examines the "hall of fame" paintings and notices one is missing.
After realizing what's missing, he leaves the school.

017
Within Knight School grounds, two Knights are standing in front of a statue of a Knight.
They start discussing the disappearance of Sir William.
A unicorn steps up to a pool in front of the statue but behind the knights.
The unicorn notices a man's face for a moment, in place of his own reflection.
The two knights say they don't think even the Wizards at Wizard U could help, and then they leave.
The unicorn walks up to the statue and recognizes it as the face he saw in the reflecting pool.
The unicorn leaves Knight School grounds to search for Wizard U.

018
When John sneaks into Princess Prep he learns her first stop was supposed to be the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel.

019
Zanzibar does some more shows in some other villages.
Max attends one of his shows, but Corvus manages to steal from Max without his notice.

020
Max leaves the last show Zanzibar put on, but on the road discovers his money is gone.
Max catches up to Zanzibar in another village, and then confronts him after a show, and makes a deal with him.
Max helps Zanzibar with larger productions, in exchange for doing some tax collection for Max.

021
Chester manages to catch up to a few of his friends in various villages to try to break them from the enchantment.
Chester tries to give them shiny gifts, and then breathe fire on them, neither of which works.

022
Desperate, Chester flies to Nestor's cave, somewhere in the White Serpent range, west of DragonMount.
Nestor gets ready to breathe fire on Chester, when Chester speaks to him.
Nestor tells Chester that Crooktooth has enchanted the dragons to act hostile.

023
The Unicorn walks up to the door of Wizard University.
The Unicorn tries to push the door open, but it doesn't budge.
The Unicorn then gets a running start and rams the door with his horn, and then goes inside.

024
Just inside the door at Wizard U, the Unicorn reads a sign that hints at the library.
The Unicorn then passes through the "hall of fame", noting the paintings of each of the Wizards.
The Unicorn sees Hubert's painting in the hall of fame, and particularly notes it has been defaced.
He then proceeds to find the library.

025
After finding the library and exploring it, he finds a section on curses, and pulls off a few books with his horn.
Inside the library at Wizard U, the Unicorn notices the page about 'transmogrification'.
Using his horn to turn the pages, he reads that anyone can be turned into anything, even a unicorn.
After closing the book, the Unicorn notices the picture appears to be the same wizard who had his painting defaced.
The dust jacket reads "Hubert Halfway, resides with his spellbooks at a house near the edge of Lapsewood".
The Unicorn then leaves Wizard U.

026
Roland goes into the dwarf mines, and then from there finds a secret entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.

027
Hubert makes his way to Fairy Godcollege, and peeks in one of the windows.
At Fairy Godcollege, an old friend tells Hubert, Violet is back, and is trying to force students to become evil witches.

028
In the Gnome Kingdom, Roland notices all kinds of people and creatures working the mines.
He spots a giant chained to one of the machines that he can't identify, and starts walking towards him.
Roland asks the giant if he's his Dad, and the giant confirms it.
He tells Roland to find Hubert Halfway, the wizard, and to tell Hubert that Max seems to need a lot of quicksilver.

029
John and Hubert rendezvous at Scarborough Faire Chicken at the Renaissance Faire.
Since the Princess was kidnapped for a reason, they decide to find her and rescue her if possible.
Hubert contacts his old friend, The Count, and tells him to turn into a bat, and see if he can find the Princess.

030
As the Unicorn leaves Wizard U, he spots the Black Knight, and starts running.
The Black Knight chases the Unicorn into a forest without leaves on the trees.
After a few hours, the Unicorn starts losing his memory until he no longer cares to go on.

031
In the wine cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian, the Princess is struggling with the ropes tying her to a wine cask.
With the help of some mice, she manages to get free of the ropes binding her.
The Princess then tries to escape by getting into the dumbwaiter, only to be sent upstairs.

032
After getting out of the hotel's dumbwaiter, The Princess searches for a way out by checking out various doors.
She stumbles upon a room with some maps and other documents, which she grabs, but is recaptured.

033
The Count comes back to SFC and tells John and Hubert what he's found.
The Princess is chained to a wine cask in the cellar of the Grand Enchanted Landian.
Hubert and John take an empty wagon, and head toward the hotel.

034
Within the boundaries of the Gnome Kingdom, Max finds Scarlet "Red" Clover, and pulls her out of hiding.
Max asks Red to go and conscript the werewolves from their village into his service, due to her history with them.

035
Red goes to the werewolf village.
Red tells the werewolves led by Rottweiler, they might be rid of their curse if they join Max's army.

036
Kurt, Rottweiler's second in command, leaves the werewolf village, after remembering Red and Violet's rivalry.
Kurt then travels to Fairy Godcollege to meet with Violet.
Violet agrees to help Kurt become the leader of the pack, if Kurt eliminates Red.

037
Zanzibar travels to a few villages and collects some tax money.
Then he puts some of the money he's collected, into his own pocket.

038
Max is in the mines overseeing the quicksilver extraction, when a messenger comes up and speaks quietly to him.
Max finds out that Zanzibar is stealing from the taxes but doesn't know where Zanzibar hides it yet.

039
Hubert and John go to the Grand Enchanted Landian Hotel and arrive at the side door with some guards in front.
Hubert tries to conjure up a wagon with food, but only succeeds in giving the guards the illusion of the wagon.

040
As they go in to the kitchen of the Grand Enchanted Landian, they find a secret passage into the wine cellar.

041
Inside the wine cellar, John hits the guard who's watching the Princess with a heavy wine bottle.
They go back upstairs to the kitchen.

042
They try to walk out of the side doors of the kitchen, calmly and slowly.

043
Unbeknownst to Zanzibar, Max had his guards searching everywhere for Zanzibar's money.
They finally found his stash in his hotel room in the Grand Enchanted Landian and take it.

044
Max uses Zanzibar's shows to abduct more citizens and tourists for his mines, as he goes from village to village.
Max proposes one final big show in the hotel, since Max has enough people for his mines.
Zanzibar agrees to Max's proposal because he feels he has enough money to live like a King.

045
The Black Knight rides up to the Grand Enchanted Landian on his black charger.
Hubert and company calmly out of the kitchen doors.
The guard that was guarding the Princess in the cellar stumbles out, and yells "She's Escaped!"
They then run to the wagon and they take off, as the Black Knight begins to chase them.

046
The Black Knight chases Hubert and company in their wagon across the open land.
They come upon the edge of Lapsewood, the bare forest, still pursued by the Black Knight.
They go into the forest, and before they know it, they're lost among the leafless trees.

047
Somewhere in the middle of the bare forest, they spot a Unicorn.
The Unicorn stands around but doesn't run away as they approach.
The Princess hops out and starts petting him and talking to him.
John then mentions he read a book on "Unicorn sign language once."
John gestures to the Unicorn, and they proceed to "talk".
When John and the Unicorn are finished, John translates and says he's forgotten where he was going, and is lost.
Hubert then says, he must be losing his memory because they're in Lapsewood.

048
At the Grand Enchanted Landian Max tells Zanzibar that he knows he's been stealing and that this is his last show.
Zanzibar performs his whole show, and then Corvus (his pet crow) steals money from the audience as usual.
Just then, Max yells that he took all his money.
The crowd looks angrily toward Zanzibar and starts chasing him.
Max gets word that the Omni-Gate is ready for testing, so he leaves for the Castle.
Zanzibar distracts the crowd with a few cheap tricks and escapes out the back with his loot.

049
Back in Lapsewood, Hubert realizes this may be Sir William, and then casts a spell to change him back.
The spell doesn't work correctly, but allows the Unicorn to talk to them in human speech.
The Unicorn is unable to remember his name, and they all start walking together.
Soon nobody remembers what they were doing.
They all stop walking, and stand and stare at each other.

050
Roland walks to the only open restaurant in town, Scarborough Faire Chicken.
Roland looks around and starts asking about Hubert until finally getting to The Count sitting down at a table.
Roland asks the count if he has any idea of where Hubert is.
The Count says he'll try to go find him, and turns into a bat, as Roland sits down.

051
Standing in the middle of Lapsewood, John notices Hubert wearing Wizard garb and suggests he cast a spell or something.
Hubert reaches into a bag and pulls out some hats and puts them on then wiggles his fingers.
When he does this they're instantly teleported elsewhere.
Hubert and company wake up on the road, and confirm it was definitely Lapsewood, because splitting headaches.
Hubert recognizes the road, and they travel without event to The Bats in the Belfry Hotel.

052
In the werewolf village, they tell Red they want proof of the curse being lifted.
She leaves and brings Max back to the village, who promptly gets rid of the curse for a few of them.
The Werewolves led by Rottweiler, throw Red into a hut, and discuss, and then Kurt comes back to the village.
The Werewolves debate joining Max's army and eventually agree, and then bring Red back out.
Red goes back to Max's mines and tells him the news, as Kurt and a lot of the other werewolves start grumbling.

053
At the Bats-in-the-Belfry, Hubert dings the bell loudly a few times.
The Count as a bat, flies in and rematerializes in front of them.
The Count tells Hubert, Roland is waiting for him at SFC, but Hubert tells him to bring him back here.
After the Count comes back, Roland tells them that Max's quicksilver mines are in the Gnome Kingdom.
In the papers the Princess grabbed, are plans to some huge machine called the "Omni-Gate".

054
Hubert sends Roland and John into the mines, to free the slaves.
Hubert tells Sir William that they're going to have to head to the castle.
Hubert then proceeds to cast a spell on Sir William, when Sir William sprouts some wings.
Sir William tells Hubert to hop on, and that they'll fly to the Castle.

055
Back at Nestor's cave, Chester presents him with a shiny polished stone, and they both talk about the past.
After finding out they're long lost twin brothers, Chester and Nestor go on a search for Crooktooth.

056
The Black Knight, while hunting for Sir William, circumscribes Lapsewood, and comes to the road leaving the forest.
The Black Knight looks in the direction of the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel and sees a flying unicorn with a wizard atop.

057
Roland and John go back into the dwarf mines.
They use the script door to gain entrance into the Gnome Kingdom.

058
Max arrives at the administration castle aboard a transport train.
Max has his techs activate the machine for the first time.
First at half power, he has them open a few gates, then a few more.
Thousands of gates are opened simultaneously, and then shut off.

059
Sir William lands on the west side terrace of the Castle, and lets Hubert off.
Hubert starts systematically searching the grounds for Violet, taking care not to be seen.
Sir William flies off and heads back toward the Bats-in-the-Belfry.

060
Roland and John locate the office in Max's mines.
Roland and John then spot the dwarves tied and gagged on the floor.
Sneaking in Roland easily snaps the bonds holding them.
Roland and John are then surprised and captured by the Gnomes.

061
Violet comes out of the east gate of the castle toward the east side train depot.
Hubert confronts Violet and before she can do anything, casts the spell that returns the magic.
Violet yells to alert the guards and Hubert starts running.

062
The guards chase Hubert to the east depot.

063
While Sir William is flying, a huge black dragon swoops out from the sky and hits him full on.
The Black Knight sitting atop Crooktooth circles around and starts flying toward Sir William again.
After falling a bit Sir William regains his balance and starts flying towards Crooktooth.
Sir William gets a few hits, but doesn't do much damage to Crooktooth as he knocks Sir William out of the sky again.

064
Crooktooth starts heading toward Sir William again, when two other dragons swoop in behind him.
These two dragons, Chester, and Nestor, fly toward Sir William and turn around to confront Crooktooth.
All three start flying towards the Black Knight.

065
In the mines, the gnomes promptly put John, Roland, and the rest to work.
After a bit, John signals the dwarves to overpower the guards.

066
There's an explosion that seems to come from one of the mine walls.
When the smoke clears, a train appears to have crashed into the mine.
Hubert pops out of the train.

067
Sir William and the twins manage to batter Crooktooth and his rider, the Black Knight.
The battle ends quickly, when the Black Knight and Crooktooth separate and fall to their deaths.

068
Red heads back to the Werewolf village when Kurt jumps out of the bushes, and they tumble back into the forest.

069
Kurt then takes Red's "riding hood" back to Violet at Fairy Godcollege.
Kurt reveals Red was promising to remove their curses, and that he didn't want that.
He asks Violet to enhance the effects.
Violet agrees if he steals the "Totem of Leadership" and brings it to her, because she claims it will bind the pack to him.

070
Back in the mines, gnome guards are easily overpowered after they hear what sounds like an explosion.
The slaves get released and start to run out of the mines.
Hubert shouts for everyone to head to the Bats-in-the-Belfry Hotel.

071
Back at the Bats-in-the-Belfry, Hubert changes Sir William back into a man.
Hubert then sends John and Sir William to Knight School, to inform them and enlist their help.

072
When Kurt gets back to the werewolf village he goes into Rottweiler's hut and starts to grab the totem.
Thorne, Rottweiler's third in command, stops Kurt from getting the totem, they fight, and Kurt takes the totem.

073
Kurt returns to Violet at Fairy Godcollege.
She casts a spell, which visibly alters Kurt, and then he goes back to the Village.

074
At the village Kurt disposes of Rottweiler and most of his followers.
When Violet casts the spell to alter Kurt, Thorne in the village sees Kurt's own followers change as well.
Thorne goes and hides just out of town, and waits.

075
The Princess, the Count, and Hubert, all sit in the Lobby of the Bats-in-the-Belfry.
They decide to rescue the vacation Fairy Godmothers and vacation princesses, and start making plans.
The Count makes a deal with the Princess to help him find a mate, if he helps her with finding the princesses.
The Count then hides in her handbag in his bat form.

076
John and Sir William arrive at Knight School.
They convince most of the Knights and Knights-in-Training, to join them in fighting Max and his armies.
They, then, leave to go back to the Bats in the Belfry.

077
The Princess goes back to Princess Prep and sees a note on the door.
The Note says to go to Fairy GodCollege with a password.
The Princess with The Count, still a bat in her handbag, start towards Fairy Godcollege.

078
The Princess gets into Fairy GodCollege with the password, when she has to throw her bag into a box.

079
The Princess is taken to the Library as the box with her handbag goes into another room.
She's asked to grab some books, and opens one and then is immediately sucked inside.

080
The box travels into a room with an incinerator which the Count is barely able to make out from within the handbag.
Before being thrown in, The Count causes the attendant to trip, and then the Count escapes.
The count then leaves the incinerator room back into the hallway and hides in the shadows.
The Count then spots a girl going into the library, and follows her.

081
The count stops at the door to the library as it closes, and then peeks into the windows of the door.
The Count then sees the girl being sucked into a book, and figures this must be what happened to the Princess.
The Count makes it back to Hubert and John.

082
Hubert, John, and the Count, all go back to Fairy Godcollege.
With Hubert's full magic, they force their way in.
As soon as they release the vacation Fairy Godmothers, and go and get the books.
They then leave to go back to the Count's hotel.

083
Back at the Bats in the Belfry, John goes into the books to bring Karin out.
They instruct Sir William and his men to go into the rest of the books and retrieve the rest vacation princesses.

084
They all meet back at the "Bats" lobby.
The Count, then, comes to Karin and asks if she can help him now, and she just points.
The Count looking at where she's pointing meets a beautiful woman who happens to also be a vampire and a real princess.
In the library Roland Jr. tells Hubert, him and his Dad are going get the help of his people.
Roland leaves the Hotel.

085
Back at the castle in the throne room, Max gets a "magic mirror" call.
Barty sitting on his squat throne inside the Gnome Kingdom, tells Max what has been going on.
Max finds out that John and Roland and most of the slaves were rescued by Hubert.
Max gets suspicious of Red's long absence, and so gets a servant to go and find out what happened.
The servant returns later with Red's hood, and tells Max it was in the possession of Violet.

086
After going to the werewolf village with Violet, and confronting her and Kurt, about Red, he kills Kurt with a fireball.
Violet runs into the forest, and Max says he'll make anyone the leader who disposes of her.
Thorne comes back, but before giving him the totem, he says he'll only give it back if they agree to join his army.
The Werewolves under Thorne agree to join the army and Max gives him the Totem before returning to the Castle.

087
Everyone meets at the Bats in the Belfry Hotel.
Everyone gathers around, even spilling into the streets.
Hubert speaks to the crowd and they all make their battle plans.

088
On the castle grounds, on the north terrace near the Omni-Gate, Max and his armies assemble.
Max orders his technicians to put the machine at full power, and open all the portals.
As soon as all armies are assembled, he starts seeing a large amount of trains flying in.
Realizing who they are, he commands his armies to attack them.
A large battle ensues.
The battle starts waning in favor of the Enchanted Landians.

089
John spots Max trying to escape via one of the portals and chases him.
John tackles Max but Max throws him off, and starts running for a stair well.
John chases Max up the stairs, and onto a catwalk, and they begin to fight.

090
John still has his silver ticket, and Max manages to grab it out of his coat.
While grabbing for the ticket, he pulls John down with him as he goes over the edge.
John holds on to the catwalk with his feet, as Max dangles below.
Max starts slipping and with the ticket in hand eventually falls.
John turns away as Max falls, and when he turns back, Max is gone.

091
Coming back down, out of breath and full of bruises and scratches, he notices the battle is almost over.
As it comes to a close, the Princess and Hubert manage to make their way over to John.
John points to the machines controls, and Hubert runs over to the control panel to shut the machine down.

092
After the battle is over, bodies are thrown into piles, and burned.
Enemies are rounded up.

093
Some time later in the throne room, Hubert talks privately to John and Princess Karin.
Hubert states that John is probably going to become King.
Hubert mentions the King is still missing.
He also mentions that Max is still alive somewhere.
John mentions he wants to have a date with Princess Karin.
Hubert finally sets it up, and gives it some "magical" touches.
He then leaves them in peace to eat dinner and to talk.
